data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/apt-ftparchive                 apt-ftparchive
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/apt-ftparchive.1.gz apt-ftparchive
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/policy.h           apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/versionmatch.h     apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/deblistparser.h    apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/packagemanager.h   apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/error.h            apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/dpkgpm.h           apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/arfile.h           apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/edsplistparser.h   apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cacheiterators.h   apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/install-progress.h apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/dirstream.h        apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/depcache.h         apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debfile.h          apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cachefilter-patterns.h apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/prettyprinters.h   apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/clean.h            apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/extracttar.h       apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/srcrecords.h       apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/update.h           apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debversion.h       apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/string_view.h      apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/netrc.h            apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/acquire-item.h     apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/edsp.h             apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/strutl.h           apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/pkgsystem.h        apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/srvrec.h           apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/tagfile.h          apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/hashes.h           apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cachefilter.h      apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/sourcelist.h       apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cmndline.h         apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cacheset.h         apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/pkgcachegen.h      apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/mmap.h             apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/pkgrecords.h       apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/macros.h           apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/version.h          apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/metaindex.h        apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debmetaindex.h     apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/acquire.h          apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debsrcrecords.h    apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/orderlist.h        apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/gpgv.h             apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debsystem.h        apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/edspindexfile.h    apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/statechanges.h     apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/pkgcache.h         apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/indexcopy.h        apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/algorithms.h       apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/init.h             apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debindexfile.h     apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/acquire-method.h   apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/proxy.h            apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/configuration.h    apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/progress.h         apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/fileutl.h          apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cdromutl.h         apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/weakptr.h          apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/indexfile.h        apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cachefile.h        apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/aptconfiguration.h apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cdrom.h            apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/edspsystem.h       apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debrecords.h       apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/upgrade.h          apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/header-is-private.h apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/acquire-worker.h   apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/apt-config                     apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/apt                            apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/apt-cache                      apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/apt-mark                       apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/apt-key                        apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/apt-get                        apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/apt/LICENSE              apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/apt apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-mark.8.gz       apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-get.8.gz        apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-config.8.gz     apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-secure.8.gz     apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-cache.8.gz      apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-key.8.gz        apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt.8.gz            apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/sources.list.5.gz   apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/apt_auth.conf.5.gz  apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/apt.conf.5.gz       apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/apt_preferences.5.gz apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/apt-transport-https.1.gz apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/apt-transport-http.1.gz apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man7/apt-patterns.7.gz   apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/gpgv               apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/https              apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/store              apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/copy               apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/http               apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/file               apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/rsh                apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/ssh                apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/apt/apt-helper                 apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libapt-pkg.so                  apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libapt-private.so              apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/apt-pkg.pc           apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/apt/sources.list               apt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/conftypes.h           bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/command.h             bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/signames.h            bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/jobs.h                bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/error.h               bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/siglist.h             bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/config.h              bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/shtty.h       bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/maxpath.h     bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/chartypes.h   bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixtime.h   bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixjmp.h    bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixwait.h   bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/shmbutil.h    bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/gettext.h     bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/stdc.h        bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/shmbchar.h    bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/filecntl.h    bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/unionwait.h   bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/ocache.h      bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixdir.h    bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/memalloc.h    bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/systimes.h    bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/stat-time.h   bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/typemax.h     bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/ansi_stdlib.h bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixstat.h   bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/syntax.h              bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/general.h             bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/alias.h               bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/builtext.h   bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/bashgetopt.h bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/common.h     bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/getopt.h     bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/hashlib.h             bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/externs.h             bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/subst.h               bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/shell.h               bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/bashansi.h            bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/y.tab.h               bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/quit.h                bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/arrayfunc.h           bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/execute_cmd.h         bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/builtins.h            bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/version.h             bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/make_cmd.h            bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/bashtypes.h           bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/dispose_cmd.h         bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/xmalloc.h             bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/bashjmp.h             bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/config-bot.h          bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/assoc.h               bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/unwind_prot.h         bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/array.h               bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/pathnames.h           bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/config-top.h          bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/variables.h           bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/sig.h                 bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bash/bashintl.h            bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/bash                           bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/bash/RBASH               bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/bash/FAQ                 bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/bash/bashref.html        bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/bash/COMPAT              bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/bash/POSIX               bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/bash/README              bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/bash/NEWS                bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/bash/INTRO               bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/bash/CHANGES             bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/bash/LICENSE             bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/bash/bash.html           bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/bash.info               bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/bash.1.gz           bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/push                      bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/tee                       bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/truefalse                 bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/loadables.h               bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/setpgid                   bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/stat                      bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/rm                        bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/uname                     bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/ln                        bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/rmdir                     bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/pathchk                   bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/cut                       bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/dirname                   bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/id                        bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/csv                       bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/mypid                     bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/sync                      bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/unlink                    bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/tty                       bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/fdflags                   bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/realpath                  bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/mktemp                    bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/getconf                   bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/head                      bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/Makefile.inc              bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/seq                       bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/basename                  bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/mkdir                     bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/printenv                  bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/Makefile.sample           bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/finfo                     bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/print                     bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/whoami                    bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/accept                    bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/logname                   bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/dsv                       bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/mkfifo                    bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/strftime                  bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bash/sleep                     bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/bash.pc              bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/profile                        bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/bash.bashrc                    bash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gprof                          binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/elfedit                        binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/as                             binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ld.bfd                         binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/ld.info                 binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gprof.info              binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/as.info                 binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/binutils.info           binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/nm.1.gz             binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/objcopy.1.gz        binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/strings.1.gz        binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/as.1.gz             binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/elfedit.1.gz        binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gprof.1.gz          binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/addr2line.1.gz      binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dlltool.1.gz        binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/size.1.gz           binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ld.1.gz             binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/objdump.1.gz        binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/readelf.1.gz        binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/strip.1.gz          binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ar.1.gz             binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/c++filt.1.gz        binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ranlib.1.gz         binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/ranlib            binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/strings           binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/objdump           binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/gprof             binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/dwp               binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/ld                binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/objcopy           binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/size              binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/elfedit           binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/addr2line         binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/nm                binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/as                binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/ld.bfd            binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/strip             binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/readelf           binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/ar                binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/binutils/c++filt           binutils-bin
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/bfdlink.h binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/bfd.h binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/ansidecl.h binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/symcat.h binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/dis-asm.h binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/diagnostics.h binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/plugin-api.h binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/lib/libbfd-2.40.so binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/lib/libopcodes-2.40.so binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/lib/libopcodes.la binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/lib/libbfd.so binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/lib/libbfd.la binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/lib/libopcodes.so binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/include/sframe.h binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/include/ctf.h   binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/include/ctf-api.h binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/include/sframe-api.h binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-objcopy binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-nm binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-objdump binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ar binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-strip binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-size binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-readelf binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-gprof binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-addr2line binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-c++filt binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-elfedit binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ld binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ld.bfd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ranlib binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-as binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-strings binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/ranlib binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/objdump binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/ld binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/objcopy binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/nm binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/as binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/ld.bfd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/strip binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/readelf binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/ar binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xse binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xr binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.x binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xu binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xr binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xu binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xs binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.x binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xr binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.x binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xs binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xr binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xu binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xde binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xs binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.x binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xde binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xr binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xs binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xr binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xs binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xr binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xse binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xu binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xde binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.x binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.x binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xs binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xr binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xde binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xu binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.x binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xs binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xse binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xr binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xs binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xde binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xde binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xr binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xu binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.x binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xs binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xse binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xu binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xde binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xse binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xse binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xr binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xu binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xu binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xde binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.x binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xu binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.x binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xs binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xse binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xse binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xde binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.x binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.x binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xs binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xse binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xde binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xse binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xr binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xde binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xu binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xs binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xde binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xw binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xse binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xse binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xd binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xu binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xn binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xc binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/ld.info binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/sframe-spec.info binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/gprof.info binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/as.info binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/bfd.info binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/binutils.info binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/ctf-spec.info binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-gprof.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-addr2line.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-nm.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-readelf.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-c++filt.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-windres.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-size.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-dlltool.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-ld.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-as.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-ranlib.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-objdump.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-elfedit.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-strip.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-strings.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-objcopy.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-windmc.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-ar.1 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf.la   binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf.so.0 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libsframe.so.0 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libsframe.so.0.0.0 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/bfd-plugins/libdep.so binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libsframe.la binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf.so   binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf-nobfd.so.0 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf-nobfd.la binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf-nobfd.so.0.0.0 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf-nobfd.so binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libsframe.so binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf.so.0.0.0 binutils-cross
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gold                           binutils-gold
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ld.gold                        binutils-gold
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/sframe.h                   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bfdlink.h                  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bfd.h                      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ansidecl.h                 binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ctf.h                      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ctf-api.h                  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/symcat.h                   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/dis-asm.h                  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/sframe-api.h               binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/diagnostics.h              binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/plugin-api.h               binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/binutils-libs/LICENSE    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/sframe-spec.info        binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/bfd.info                binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/ctf-spec.info           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libctf.la                      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libctf.so.0                    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libopcodes.a                   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libsframe.so.0                 binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libctf-nobfd.a                 binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libctf.a                       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libsframe.so.0.0.0             binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/bfd-plugins/libdep.so          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libbfd-2.40.so                 binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libsframe.la                   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libctf.so                      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libctf-nobfd.so.0              binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libctf-nobfd.la                binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libopcodes-2.40.so             binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libsframe.a                    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libopcodes.la                  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libctf-nobfd.so.0.0.0          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libbfd.so                      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libbfd.la                      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libctf-nobfd.so                binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libsframe.so                   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xe       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xwe binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xswe    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdwe binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xsce  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdw          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xsw      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xc     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xd    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xce     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xsw    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xw       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xse   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xwe   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xr      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.x     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xsce    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdc      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xu    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xr           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xu binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xsc   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdce   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdce   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xce binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xs binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xn           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xe        binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xce    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xwe binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.x         binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xswe binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xc   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xe     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdc     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xwe     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xsce   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xd   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xr binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xbn     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdc    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.x    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xsc    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xce       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xs     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdw   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xbn           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xr   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xu binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xce    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xe            binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdwe      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xsce    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xn binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xsc     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xc      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdw    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xsw     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdce         binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdc  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xd binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xsw       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdc           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdwe binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xw     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xbn binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xde       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdce    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xsc          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsce binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xbn   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdw     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdw       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xn     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xs    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdw           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdce          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xce           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xwe    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xwe     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.x binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdce     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xde          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xr            binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdce binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xsc      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xs       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xr       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xs      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xswe   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xr binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xse binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xce  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xu   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdce    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xde     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xbn     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.x        binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.x      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xs     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdwe   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xsw          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xswe     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xw      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xe      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xr     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xde binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xsc       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xsw     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xsce         binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xu        binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.x       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xswe    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdwe     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdw    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xn    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xn      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xs      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xse binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xsc    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdc       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xr    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xswe         binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xw    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsc binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xbn       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdwe    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdwe binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xs            binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xbn          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xn        binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xde           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xsw           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xc binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xw      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xsc           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xw     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xswe binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xde    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsw binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xr      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xu     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.x       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsw binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xs           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xsce   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdce binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xse    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdw  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xe     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xbn  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xn       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xbn    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xe           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xe binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdwe    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xwe          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xe   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xbn      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsce binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xu            binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xw   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xe    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdce  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xw            binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xe      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xwe    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xde   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xc            binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdc   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xse     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xw binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xbn binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdw binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xd     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xw binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xwe      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xn            binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xwe       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xse          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xr     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xu      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xswe      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xwe  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xu      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdw     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdc binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xc      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xde  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xn binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.x            binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xu           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xd       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsc binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xc    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdwe   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xswe          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.x             binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xs binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xce      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xd            binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdc    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xswe   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xn     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xbn    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xse           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xn   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xce   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdc binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xswe binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xse    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xde    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xce binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xsce          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.x  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdc     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.x      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdw binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdwe  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xswe  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xs        binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xsw    binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xc       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xc        binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdc          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xse     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xde      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xsce     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xw           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xsw   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xse      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xsce      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdwe         binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xc binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xd           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xce          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdwe          binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xr        binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xe binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xde     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdce binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdw      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xd binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xsc  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xd      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xu     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdce      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xs   binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xsc     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xwe           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xde binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xsw  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xw        binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xse  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xse       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xd      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xce     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xd        binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xd     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xu       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xn      binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xsce binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xc     binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xc           binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libopcodes.so                  binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libctf.so.0.0.0                binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libbfd.a                       binutils-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ranlib                         binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/strings                        binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/objdump                        binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dwp                            binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-nm       binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-objdump  binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ld                             binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ar       binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/objcopy                        binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-strip    binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/size                           binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-readelf  binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/addr2line                      binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/nm                             binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/strip                          binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/readelf                        binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ld       binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ar                             binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/c++filt                        binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ranlib   binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/binutils/.placeholder        binutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/swaplabel                      blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lsblk                          blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mkswap                         blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/wipefs                         blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/blkzone                        blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/partx                          blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/blkid                          blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fsck                           blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/findfs                         blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/blkdiscard                     blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/swaplabel blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lsblk blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkswap blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wipefs blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/blkzone blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/partx blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/blkid blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fsck blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/findfs blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/blkdiscard blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/wipefs.8.gz         blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkswap.8.gz         blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/findfs.8.gz         blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/partx.8.gz          blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/blkdiscard.8.gz     blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/fsck.8.gz           blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/blkid.8.gz          blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/blkzone.8.gz        blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/lsblk.8.gz          blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/swaplabel.8.gz      blk-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libbrotlienc-static.a          brotli-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libbrotlidec-static.a          brotli-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libbrotlicommon-static.a       brotli-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/brotli/encode.h            brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/brotli/port.h              brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/brotli/decode.h            brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/brotli/types.h             brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/brotli                         brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/brotli/LICENSE           brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/constants.h.3.gz    brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/types.h.3.gz        brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/decode.h.3.gz       brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/encode.h.3.gz       brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/brotli.1.gz         brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libbrotlidec.so                brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libbrotlienc.so                brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libbrotlicommon.pc   brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libbrotlidec.pc      brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libbrotlienc.pc      brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libbrotlicommon.so             brotli
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/bzcat                          bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/bzdiff                         bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/bzip2recover                   bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/bzgrep                         bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/bzcmp                          bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/bunzip2                        bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/bzmore                         bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/bzip2                          bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/bzless                         bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzip2.1.gz          bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzgrep.1.gz         bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzmore.1.gz         bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzdiff.1.gz         bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzcmp.1.gz          bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzless.1.gz         bzip2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ares_dns.h                 c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ares_rules.h               c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ares_nameser.h             c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ares.h                     c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ares_build.h               c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ares_version.h             c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/c-ares/LICENSE           c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_destroy_options.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_freeaddrinfo.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_parse_txt_reply.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_parse_a_reply.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_parse_ptr_reply.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_parse_aaaa_reply.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_version.3.gz   c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_process.3.gz   c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_init_options.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_expand_string.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_free_data.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_set_socket_configure_callback.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_query.3.gz     c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_mkquery.3.gz   c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_free_string.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_set_servers_ports.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_free_hostent.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_parse_naptr_reply.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_set_local_ip6.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_parse_srv_reply.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_inet_pton.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_library_initialized.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_set_servers_ports_csv.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_inet_ntop.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_set_servers_csv.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_gethostbyaddr.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_gethostbyname.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_set_sortlist.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_getnameinfo.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_fds.3.gz       c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_parse_ns_reply.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_get_servers.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_parse_mx_reply.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_create_query.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_parse_soa_reply.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_destroy.3.gz   c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_strerror.3.gz  c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_set_local_dev.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_library_init.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_search.3.gz    c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_parse_uri_reply.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_set_local_ip4.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_getaddrinfo.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_expand_name.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_library_init_android.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_init.3.gz      c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_getsock.3.gz   c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_parse_caa_reply.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_timeout.3.gz   c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_set_servers.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_gethostbyname_file.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_cancel.3.gz    c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_library_cleanup.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_set_socket_functions.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_get_servers_ports.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_send.3.gz      c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_dup.3.gz       c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_save_options.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ares_set_socket_callback.3.gz c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/adig.1.gz           c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ahost.1.gz          c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/acountry.1.gz       c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcares.so                    c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/c-ares/c-ares-config.cmake c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/c-ares/c-ares-targets-release.cmake c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/c-ares/c-ares-targets.cmake c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/c-ares/c-ares-config-version.cmake c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libcares.pc          c-ares
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/join                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tail                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tr                             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sha256sum                      coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fmt                            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/wc                             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/basenc                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/split                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/install                        coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/csplit                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/env                            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ls                             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tee                            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/expand                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fold                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sha512sum                      coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/nproc                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/echo                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pwd                            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/stat                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/stdbuf                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sha384sum                      coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/truncate                       coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/rm                             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/yes                            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/expr                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/uname                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/vdir                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/shred                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ln                             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/readlink                       coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/touch                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mknod                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/kill                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/rmdir                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pathchk                        coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/paste                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/coreutils                      coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/cut                            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dirname                        coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/date                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/id                             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/factor                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sync                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pr                             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/cksum                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sha1sum                        coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unlink                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/md5sum                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/base32                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tty                            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/chcon                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/link                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/timeout                        coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/realpath                       coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mktemp                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/head                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dd                             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dircolors                      coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/false                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/nice                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/seq                            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/numfmt                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/test                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/basename                       coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sort                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mkdir                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/chgrp                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/printenv                       coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/nohup                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tsort                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/cp                             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/du                             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/chmod                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sha224sum                      coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tac                            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/[                              coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/od                             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unexpand                       coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/cat                            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/stty                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dir                            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/nl                             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/whoami                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sum                            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/groups                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/printf                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/logname                        coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/comm                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/uniq                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/chown                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ptx                            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/runcon                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/shuf                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mkfifo                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/base64                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/b2sum                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/chroot                         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mv                             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/true                           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sleep                          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/coreutils/LICENSE        coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/coreutils.info          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/sync.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/nl.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/id.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/unexpand.1.gz       coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/cksum.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/mknod.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/expr.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/sum.1.gz            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/basenc.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/realpath.1.gz       coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tty.1.gz            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/runcon.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ls.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/yes.1.gz            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/csplit.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tail.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tac.1.gz            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/sleep.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/echo.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/md5sum.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/chgrp.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/readlink.1.gz       coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/paste.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/uname.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/link.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/fold.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/wc.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/nohup.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/stty.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/chroot.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha224sum.1.gz      coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/kill.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/numfmt.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/rm.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/factor.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dir.1.gz            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/true.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dircolors.1.gz      coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ln.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/cp.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/od.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/truncate.1.gz       coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/timeout.1.gz        coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/du.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dirname.1.gz        coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/nice.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha1sum.1.gz        coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/install.1.gz        coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/rmdir.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/join.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/false.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/chown.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/cut.1.gz            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/stat.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/groups.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/seq.1.gz            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha256sum.1.gz      coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/stdbuf.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/unlink.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/printenv.1.gz       coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha384sum.1.gz      coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/nproc.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/test.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/head.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/basename.1.gz       coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/base64.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/mktemp.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/coreutils.1.gz      coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/mv.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tr.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/sort.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/fmt.1.gz            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/printf.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/base32.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dd.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/vdir.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/touch.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/b2sum.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/chcon.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/shuf.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ptx.1.gz            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/date.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha512sum.1.gz      coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/shred.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/chmod.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tsort.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/whoami.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pr.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/logname.1.gz        coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pathchk.1.gz        coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tee.1.gz            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/expand.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/uniq.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/mkdir.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/env.1.gz            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/comm.1.gz           coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/split.1.gz          coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pwd.1.gz            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/cat.1.gz            coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/mkfifo.1.gz         coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/coreutils/libstdbuf.so     coreutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/curl                           curl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/curl.1.gz           curl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sh                             dash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dash                           dash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dash/LICENSE             dash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dash.1.gz           dash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/sh.1.gz             dash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_load                        db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_deadlock                    db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_checkpoint                  db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_archive                     db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_stat                        db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_recover                     db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_replicate                   db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_upgrade                     db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_dump                        db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_hotbackup                   db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_printlog                    db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_verify                      db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_tuner                       db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_convert                     db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/db_log_verify                  db
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ischroot                       debianutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/run-parts                      debianutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/savelog                        debianutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tempfile                       debianutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/which                          debianutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/debianutils/LICENSE      debianutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/savelog.8.gz        debianutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/run-parts.8.gz      debianutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/which.1.gz          debianutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tempfile.1.gz       debianutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ischroot.1.gz       debianutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdialog.a                    dialog-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dialog                         dialog
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dialog/LICENSE           dialog
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dialog.1.gz         dialog
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/diff3                          diffutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/cmp                            diffutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sdiff                          diffutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/diff                           diffutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/diffutils/LICENSE        diffutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/diffutils.info          diffutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/diff.1.gz           diffutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/diff3.1.gz          diffutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/cmp.1.gz            diffutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/sdiff.1.gz          diffutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dos2unix                       dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unix2dos                       dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mac2unix                       dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unix2mac                       dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix/COPYING.txt     dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/NEWS.txt  dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/INSTALL.txt dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/COPYING.txt dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/BUGS.txt  dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/README.txt dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/dos2unix.txt dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/TODO.txt  dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/ChangeLog.txt dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/dos2unix.htm dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/mac2unix.1.gz       dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/unix2dos.1.gz       dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dos2unix.1.gz       dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/unix2mac.1.gz       dos2unix
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dpkg-deb                       dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dpkg-realpath                  dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dpkg-query                     dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dpkg                           dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/start-stop-daemon              dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/update-alternatives            dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dpkg-fsys-usrunmess            dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dpkg-divert                    dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dpkg-split                     dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dpkg-trigger                   dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/zsh/vendor-completions/_dpkg-parsechangelog dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-linker.m4       dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-types.m4        dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-progs.m4        dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-arch.m4         dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-funcs.m4        dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-compiler.m4     dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-unicode.m4      dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-libs.m4         dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-coverage.m4     dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-build.m4        dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/README.api          dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/README.feature-removal-schedule dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/LICENSE             dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/spec/triggers.txt   dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/spec/frontend-api.txt dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/spec/protected-field.txt dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/spec/rootless-builds.txt dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/start-stop-daemon.8.gz dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/dpkg-fsys-usrunmess.8.gz dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg-query.1.gz     dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg-split.1.gz     dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/update-alternatives.1.gz dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg-divert.1.gz    dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg.1.gz           dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg-realpath.1.gz  dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg-deb.1.gz       dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg-trigger.1.gz   dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man7/deb-version.7.gz    dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/alternatives/README            dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/dpkg/dpkg-db-backup        dpkg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ed                             ed
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/red                            ed
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/ed/LICENSE               ed
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/ed.info                 ed
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ed.1.gz             ed
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/red.1.gz            ed
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fdisk                          fdisk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/cfdisk                         fdisk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sfdisk                         fdisk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fdisk fdisk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cfdisk fdisk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sfdisk fdisk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/sfdisk.8.gz         fdisk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/fdisk.8.gz          fdisk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/cfdisk.8.gz         fdisk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xargs                          findutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/find                           findutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/findutils/LICENSE        findutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/find.info-2             findutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/find.info               findutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/find.info-1             findutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/find-maint.info         findutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xargs.1.gz          findutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/find.1.gz           findutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/frcode                     findutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libfontconfig.la               fontconfig-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libfontconfig.a                fontconfig-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fc-pattern                     fontconfig-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fc-scan                        fontconfig-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fc-conflist                    fontconfig-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fc-validate                    fontconfig-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fc-cache                       fontconfig-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fc-cat                         fontconfig-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fc-query                       fontconfig-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fc-match                       fontconfig-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fc-list                        fontconfig-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/fontconfig/fontconfig.h    fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/fontconfig/fcprivate.h     fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/fontconfig/fcfreetype.h    fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gettext/its/fontconfig.its   fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gettext/its/fontconfig.loc   fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/fontconfig/LICENSE       fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/11-lcdfilter-light.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-hinting-full.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/48-spacing.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/45-latin.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/09-autohint-if-no-hinting.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/69-unifont.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-no-antialias.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/35-lang-normalize.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-hinting-none.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/11-lcdfilter-legacy.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-hinting-slight.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-autohint.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/65-fonts-persian.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-vbgr.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-hinting-medium.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/70-yes-bitmaps.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/50-user.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/70-no-bitmaps.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/51-local.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/60-latin.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/11-lcdfilter-default.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/60-generic.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-none.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/65-khmer.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-yes-antialias.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/30-metric-aliases.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/80-delicious.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/20-unhint-small-vera.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-bgr.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/65-nonlatin.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/49-sansserif.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-vrgb.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/25-unhint-nonlatin.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/90-synthetic.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-scale-bitmap-fonts.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/05-reset-dirs-sample.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/40-nonlatin.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-unhinted.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-rgb.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/45-generic.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/xml/fontconfig/fonts.dtd     fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/fontconfig.pc        fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libfontconfig.so               fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/48-spacing.conf   fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/45-latin.conf     fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/69-unifont.conf   fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-hinting-slight.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/65-fonts-persian.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/50-user.conf      fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/51-local.conf     fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/60-latin.conf     fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/11-lcdfilter-default.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/60-generic.conf   fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-sub-pixel-none.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/README            fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-yes-antialias.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/30-metric-aliases.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/80-delicious.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/20-unhint-small-vera.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/65-nonlatin.conf  fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/49-sansserif.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/90-synthetic.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-scale-bitmap-fonts.conf fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/40-nonlatin.conf  fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/45-generic.conf   fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/fonts/fonts.conf               fontconfig
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libfreetype.la                 freetype-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libfreetype.a                  freetype-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftadvanc.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftwinfnt.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/otsvg.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftparams.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/tttables.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftmm.h  freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/fttrigon.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/t1tables.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftbdf.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftsnames.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftsystem.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftlcdfil.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftgzip.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftgasp.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftdriver.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftglyph.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftlogging.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftstroke.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/fterrors.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftsynth.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftincrem.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftgxval.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftcid.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftmac.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/fterrdef.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ttnameid.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftconfig.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftstdlib.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftheader.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftoption.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/public-macros.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftmodule.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/integer-types.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/mac-support.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftoutln.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftcolor.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftrender.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftlist.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/freetype.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftfntfmt.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/fttypes.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftbbox.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftimage.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftbzip2.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftpfr.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftmodapi.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftotval.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftlzw.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftcache.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/tttags.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftbitmap.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftsizes.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftchapters.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftmoderr.h freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/freetype2/ft2build.h       freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/freetype-config                freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/freetype2.m4         freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/freetype/LICENSE         freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/freetype-config.1.gz freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/freetype2.pc         freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libfreetype.so                 freetype
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/time.a                    gawk-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/filefuncs.a               gawk-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/intdiv.a                  gawk-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/revtwoway.a               gawk-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/ordchr.a                  gawk-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/inplace.a                 gawk-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/rwarray.a                 gawk-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/readdir.a                 gawk-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/readfile.a                gawk-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/revoutput.a               gawk-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/fnmatch.a                 gawk-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/fork.a                    gawk-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gawkapi.h                  gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gawkbug                        gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/awk                            gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gawk                           gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gawk/LICENSE             gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gawkworkflow.info       gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/pm-gawk.info            gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gawkinet.info           gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gawk.info               gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/shellquote.awk           gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/round.awk                gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/group.awk                gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/assert.awk               gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/ctime.awk                gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/zerofile.awk             gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/processarray.awk         gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/intdiv0.awk              gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/join.awk                 gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/quicksort.awk            gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/inplace.awk              gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/ns_passwd.awk            gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/isnumeric.awk            gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/walkarray.awk            gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/gettime.awk              gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/rewind.awk               gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/ord.awk                  gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/ftrans.awk               gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/getopt.awk               gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/readfile.awk             gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/bits2str.awk             gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/passwd.awk               gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/noassign.awk             gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/readable.awk             gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/have_mpfr.awk            gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/cliff_rand.awk           gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/strtonum.awk             gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/awk/libintl.awk              gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/filefuncs.3am.gz    gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/fork.3am.gz         gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rwarray.3am.gz      gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/time.3am.gz         gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ordchr.3am.gz       gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/revtwoway.3am.gz    gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/readdir.3am.gz      gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/fnmatch.3am.gz      gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/revoutput.3am.gz    gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/readfile.3am.gz     gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/inplace.3am.gz      gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gawkbug.1.gz        gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gawk.1.gz           gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pm-gawk.1.gz        gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/rwarray.so                gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/revoutput.so              gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/revtwoway.so              gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/fnmatch.so                gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/intdiv.so                 gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/fork.so                   gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/ordchr.so                 gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/filefuncs.so              gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/readdir.so                gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/inplace.so                gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/readfile.so               gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/gawk/time.so                   gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/profile.d/gawk.sh              gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/profile.d/gawk.csh             gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/awk/pwcat                  gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/awk/grcat                  gawk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgdbm_compat.la              gdbm-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgdbm.a                      gdbm-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgdbm.la                     gdbm-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgdbm_compat.a               gdbm-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ndbm.h                     gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gdbm.h                     gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/dbm.h                      gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gdbm_dump                      gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gdbmtool                       gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gdbm_load                      gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gdbm/LICENSE             gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gdbm.info               gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/gdbm.3.gz           gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gdbmtool.1.gz       gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gdbm_dump.1.gz      gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gdbm_load.1.gz      gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgdbm_compat.so              gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgdbm.so                     gdbm
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpgparsemail                   gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/applygnupgdefaults             gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dirmngr                        gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpg-connect-agent              gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/kbxutil                        gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpg-card                       gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpgsplit                       gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpg-agent                      gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/addgnupghome                   gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpg-wks-client                 gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/watchgnupg                     gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpgconf                        gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpgtar                         gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpg                            gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpg2                           gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpgscm                         gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dirmngr-client                 gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpgsm                          gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/FAQ                gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/DCO                gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/README             gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/OpenPGP            gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/trustlist.txt gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/pwpattern.list gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/gpgconf.conf gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/Automatic.prf gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/common.conf gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/debug.prf gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/VS-NfD.prf gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/gpgconf.rnames gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/README    gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/qualified.txt gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/dirmngr.socket gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/gpg-agent.socket gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/dirmngr.service gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/README gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/gpg-agent-extra.socket gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/gpg-agent-browser.socket gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/gpg-agent-ssh.socket gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/gpg-agent.service gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/scd-event gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/DETAILS            gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/LICENSE            gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/HACKING            gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/TRANSLATE          gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/KEYSERVER          gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gnupg.info-1            gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gnupg.info-3            gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gnupg.info-2            gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gnupg.info              gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/applygnupgdefaults.8.gz gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/addgnupghome.8.gz   gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/dirmngr.8.gz        gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg.1.gz            gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-wks-server.1.gz gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgconf.1.gz        gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgparsemail.1.gz   gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/watchgnupg.1.gz     gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgtar.1.gz         gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-agent.1.gz      gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-check-pattern.1.gz gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dirmngr-client.1.gz gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-preset-passphrase.1.gz gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-card.1.gz       gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-connect-agent.1.gz gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-wks-client.1.gz gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgsm.1.gz          gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gnupg/distsigkey.gpg         gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gnupg/help.txt               gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gnupg/sks-keyservers.netCA.pem gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/gpg-protect-tool           gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/gpg-pair-tool              gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/gpg-preset-passphrase      gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/gpg-auth                   gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/gpg-wks-client             gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/keyboxd                    gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/gpg-check-pattern          gnupg
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gnutls-cli                     gnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gnutls-serv                    gnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/danetool                       gnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gnutls-cli-debug               gnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/psktool                        gnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ocsptool                       gnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/certtool                       gnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpgv                           gpgv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgv.1.gz           gpgv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/grep                           grep
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fgrep                          grep
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/egrep                          grep
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/grep/LICENSE             grep
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/grep.info               grep
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/grep.1.gz           grep
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gzip                           gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zdiff                          gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/uncompress                     gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zgrep                          gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zforce                         gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zcmp                           gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zfgrep                         gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gunzip                         gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zcat                           gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zegrep                         gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zmore                          gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/znew                           gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gzexe                          gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/gzip/LICENSE             gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gzip.info               gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/zcat.1.gz           gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gunzip.1.gz         gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gzexe.1.gz          gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/zcmp.1.gz           gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/zmore.1.gz          gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/zgrep.1.gz          gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/zforce.1.gz         gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gzip.1.gz           gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/zdiff.1.gz          gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/znew.1.gz           gzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/iconv                          iconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/genrb                          icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/makeconv                       icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gensprep                       icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gencfu                         icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/escapesrc                      icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/icuexportdata                  icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/genbrk                         icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gennorm2                       icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gendict                        icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/icuinfo                        icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/uconv                          icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pkgdata                        icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gencnval                       icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/derb                           icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/icupkg                         icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gencmn                         icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/genccode                       icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/icu-config                     icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/genccode.8.gz       icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/icupkg.8.gz         icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/gensprep.8.gz       icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/gencmn.8.gz         icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gencnval.1.gz       icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/genrb.1.gz          icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/derb.1.gz           icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pkgdata.1.gz        icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gencfu.1.gz         icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gendict.1.gz        icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/icu-config.1.gz     icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/icuexportdata.1.gz  icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/uconv.1.gz          icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/makeconv.1.gz       icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/genbrk.1.gz         icu-devtools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/hostname                       inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ftp                            inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/telnet                         inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dnsdomainname                  inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tftp                           inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/logger                         inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/inetutils/LICENSE        inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/inetutils.info          inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/inetd.8.gz          inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/ftpd.8.gz           inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/syslogd.8.gz        inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/telnetd.8.gz        inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/tftpd.8.gz          inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ftp.1.gz            inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tftp.1.gz           inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dnsdomainname.1.gz  inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/logger.1.gz         inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/hostname.1.gz       inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/telnet.1.gz         inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/inetd                      inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/tftpd                      inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/telnetd                    inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/ftpd                       inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/syslogd                    inetutils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lessecho                       less
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/less                           less
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lesskey                        less
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/less/LICENSE             less
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lesskey.1.gz        less
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lessecho.1.gz       less
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/less.1.gz           less
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libandroid-glob.a              libandroid-glob-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/glob.h                     libandroid-glob
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-glob/LICENSE  libandroid-glob
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libandroid-glob.so             libandroid-glob
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libandroid-posix-semaphore.a   libandroid-posix-semaphore-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-posix-semaphore/LICENSE libandroid-posix-semaphore
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libandroid-posix-semaphore.so  libandroid-posix-semaphore
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libandroid-support.a           libandroid-support-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-support/LICENSE.txt libandroid-support
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-support/LICENSE.txt.1 libandroid-support
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libandroid-support.so          libandroid-support
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libassuan.a                    libassuan-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libassuan.la                   libassuan-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/assuan.h                   libassuan
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/libassuan-config               libassuan
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/libassuan.m4         libassuan
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libassuan/LICENSE        libassuan
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/assuan.info             libassuan
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libassuan.so                   libassuan
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libassuan.pc         libassuan
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/blkid/blkid.h              libblkid
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libblkid.3.gz       libblkid
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libblkid.so                    libblkid
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/blkid.pc             libblkid
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/bzlib.h                    libbz2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libbz2/LICENSE           libbz2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libbz2.so                      libbz2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libbz2.so.1.0                  libbz2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libbz2.so.1.0.8                libbz2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libc++/LICENSE           libc++
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libc++_shared.so               libc++
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdrop_ambient.a              libcap-ng-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcap-ng.a                    libcap-ng-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcap-ng.la                   libcap-ng-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdrop_ambient.la             libcap-ng-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/cap-ng.h                   libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pscap                          libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/filecap                        libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/captest                        libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/netcap                         libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/cap-ng.m4            libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libcap-ng/LICENSE        libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_updatev.3.gz  libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_lock.3.gz     libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_restore_state.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_get_caps_fd.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_update.3.gz   libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_clear.3.gz    libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_get_rootid.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_get_caps_process.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_fill.3.gz     libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_change_id.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_save_state.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_setpid.3.gz   libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_have_capabilities.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_print_caps_numeric.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_set_rootid.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_have_capability.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_apply.3.gz    libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_apply_caps_fd.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_name_to_capability.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_print_caps_text.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_capability_to_name.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/netcap.8.gz         libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/filecap.8.gz        libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/pscap.8.gz          libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/captest.8.gz        libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man7/libdrop_ambient.7.gz libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdrop_ambient.so             libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libcap-ng.pc         libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcap-ng.so                   libcap-ng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/crypt.h                    libcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libcrypt/LICENSE         libcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcrypt.so                    libcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcurl.la                     libcurl-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcurl.a                      libcurl-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/curl/curlver.h             libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/curl/stdcheaders.h         libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/curl/typecheck-gcc.h       libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/curl/multi.h               libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/curl/curl.h                libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/curl/header.h              libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/curl/system.h              libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/curl/easy.h                libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/curl/websockets.h          libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/curl/mprintf.h             libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/curl/urlapi.h              libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/curl/options.h             libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/curl-config                    libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/libcurl.m4           libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libcurl/LICENSE          libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TRANSFER_MODE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTFIELDS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CA_CACHE_TIMEOUT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_getinfo.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_FILETIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_NUM_CONNECTS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NETRC_FILE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_TYPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_ALTERNATIVE_TO_USER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_OPTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NEW_FILE_PERMS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_type.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-symbols.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_headers.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOW_SPEED_LIMIT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_USERPWD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SIZE_DOWNLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RETRY_AFTER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAIL_FROM.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRETRANSFER_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_READDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_CTX_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CERTINFO.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSL_OPTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTSREADDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REFERER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_setopt.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_header.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRIVATE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_remove_handle.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_USE_GLOBAL_CACHE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RANGE.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SERVICE_NAME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_FILETIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYHEADER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_TOTAL_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_share_cleanup.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UNRESTRICTED_AUTH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SASL_AUTHZID.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXAGE_CONN.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NEW_DIRECTORY_PERMS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RESPONSE_CODE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_REDIR_PROTOCOLS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONNECT_ONLY.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TFTP_BLKSIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTSWRITEFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRIMARY_IP.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_INTERFACE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTS.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RTSP_CSEQ_RECV.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_info_read.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIESESSION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SIZE_UPLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_TLS_SSL_PTR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DOH_SSL_VERIFYSTATUS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_CTX_DATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-multi.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PROXYAUTH_AVAIL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_encoder.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYAUTH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMEVALUE_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_KEYPASSWD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_filedata.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_socket.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_STDERR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLVERSION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_init.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_get.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_WRITEDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_free.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DOH_SSL_VERIFYPEER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SUPPRESS_CONNECT_HEADERS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAIL_RCPT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_NODELAY.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CHUNK_BGN_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTSWRITEDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESOLVE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_formget.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTS_CTRL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_LASTSOCKET.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_READFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_LOCKFUNC.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-url.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_unescape.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLKEYTYPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_share_init.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SPEED_DOWNLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSL_CIPHER_LIST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAIL_RCPT_ALLLOWFAILS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SPEED_UPLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REDIRECT_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_FILEMETHOD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NETRC.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXFILESIZE_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_HOST_PUBLIC_KEY_SHA256.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAX_HOST_CONNECTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_EXPECT_100_TIMEOUT_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKS5_GSSAPI_SERVICE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_KEEPALIVE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESOLVER_START_DATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_REDIR_PROTOCOLS_STR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_NAMELOOKUP_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_USE_PRET.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HEADEROPT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLCERT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_NAMELOOKUP_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INTERLEAVEDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_SHARE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SCHEME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_STREAM_WEIGHT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLENGINE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_TIMERDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLKEY_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_HTTP_CONNECTCODE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_ws_meta.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TLS13_CIPHERS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAX_TOTAL_CONNECTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CLOSESOCKETDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONNECT_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_strnequal.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_KRBLEVEL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_ACTIVESOCKET.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_KEEP_SENDING_ON_ERROR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_APPCONNECT_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DIRLISTONLY.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSL_VERIFYHOST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PINNEDPUBLICKEY.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HEADERDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-easy.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TRAILERFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_REQUEST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_share_strerror.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_SERVER_CSEQ.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_SESSION_ID.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HAPROXYPROTOCOL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONNECT_TO.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_SOCKETFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_strerror.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_recv.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_upkeep.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_IGNORE_CONTENT_LENGTH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SEEKFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_USE_SSL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REDIRECT_COUNT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-security.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INTERLEAVEFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMECONDITION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_OS_ERRNO.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_share_setopt.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONNECTTIMEOUT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_USE_EPRT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FAILONERROR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CURLU.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_escape.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAX_RECV_SPEED_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPHEADER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYSTATUS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PROXY_SSL_VERIFYRESULT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REDIRECT_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_LENGTH_DOWNLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UPKEEP_INTERVAL_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_reset.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_AWS_SIGV4.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INTERFACE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_getenv.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_FALSESTART.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DEBUGDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TLSAUTH_USERNAME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_CREATE_MISSING_DIRS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mprintf.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_unescape.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_TOTAL_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-tutorial.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PIPELINING.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FORBID_REUSE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_CRLFILE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-thread.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTPPORT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_nextheader.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PIPELINING_SITE_BL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_SKIP_PASV_IP.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PUSHDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_SHUFFLE_ADDRESSES.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAXCONNECTS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CLOSESOCKETFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_APPEND.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_COOKIELIST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXFILESIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_CAPATH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_LOCAL_PORT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_addpart.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_HTTP_VERSION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_subparts.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UNIX_SOCKET_PATH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TRANSFER_ENCODING.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ERRORBUFFER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKS5_GSSAPI_NEC.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_WRITEFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_EFFECTIVE_URL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTREDIR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_assign.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SHARE.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROGRESSFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_global_sslset.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_EGDSOCKET.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HEADERFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_LOCAL_IP6.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONV_TO_NETWORK_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COPYPOSTFIELDS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ABSTRACT_UNIX_SOCKET.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLCERT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKS5_AUTH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ISSUERCERT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_set.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CRLF.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NOSIGNAL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REDIRECT_URL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_REQUEST_TARGET.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INFILESIZE_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PRIVATE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_global_cleanup.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_STARTTRANSFER_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_KEYFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESOLVER_START_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYPORT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_strerror.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMEOUT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_ws_send.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_perform.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SPEED_UPLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONV_FROM_NETWORK_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_add_handle.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTQUOTE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_FTP_ENTRY_PATH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_init.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TFTP_NO_OPTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESUME_FROM.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MIMEPOST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLENGINE_DEFAULT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_option_by_id.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_slist_append.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLVERSION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_EC_CURVES.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PIPEWAIT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROTOCOLS_STR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_fdset.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_SERVERS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PREQUOTE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_SOCKETDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_PINNEDPUBLICKEY.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMEVALUE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOW_SPEED_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FRESH_CONNECT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_APPCONNECT_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SPEED_DOWNLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_timeout.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_socket_all.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_free.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SEEKDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-env.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ISSUERCERT_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-errors.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLCERT_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FILETIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP_VERSION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_STREAM_URI.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_option_next.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_init.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RTSP_SERVER_CSEQ.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_perform.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ACCEPTTIMEOUT_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CAINFO.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_ENABLE_ALPN.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PORT.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_USE_EPSV.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_ISSUERCERT_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_FASTOPEN.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_setopt.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_HOST_PUBLIC_KEY_MD5.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_GSSAPI_DELEGATION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_BUFFERSIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXCONNECTS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_IPRESOLVE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_SSL_CCC.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPGET.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SSL_ENGINES.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SSL_VERIFYRESULT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HEADER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TLS13_CIPHERS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTPSSLAUTH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_UNSHARE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTSREADFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_LOCAL_IP.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CERTINFO.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAIL_AUTH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_duphandle.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_KNOWNHOSTS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SERVICE_NAME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_URL.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP09_ALLOWED.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYPASSWORD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYTYPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_PUBLIC_KEYFILE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP_CONTENT_DECODING.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAX_PIPELINE_LENGTH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPPROXYTUNNEL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYUSERNAME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TLSAUTH_TYPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CHUNK_END_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_STARTTRANSFER_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PROXY_ERROR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_data.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_cleanup.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESUME_FROM_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYPEER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CRLFILE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_CONTENT_LENGTH_PENALTY_SIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAX_SEND_SPEED_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_AUTH_TYPES.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_AUTOREFERER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_EFFECTIVE_METHOD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CHUNK_DATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_LOCAL_IP4.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SERVER_RESPONSE_TIMEOUT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_cleanup.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRETRANSFER_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_poll.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PRE_PROXY.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_formfree.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_CAINFO.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROTOCOLS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RANDOM_FILE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INFILESIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_OPENSOCKETFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_KEYPASSWD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLKEY.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_OPENSOCKETDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PREREQFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_wakeup.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_VERBOSE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_CLIENT_CSEQ.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SASL_IR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_ACCOUNT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DISALLOW_USERNAME_IN_URL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPPOST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_TIMERFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIELIST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POST.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_CAINFO_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TLSAUTH_TYPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_LENGTH_DOWNLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLKEY_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CAPATH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXLIFETIME_CONN.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-share.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_LENGTH_UPLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_COMPRESSION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_USERDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONNECTTIMEOUT_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLCERT_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_KEEPINTVL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ADDRESS_SCOPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FNMATCH_DATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RTSP_CLIENT_CSEQ.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_USERAGENT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_dup.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_TLS_SESSION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PREREQDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYUSERPWD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DOH_URL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_name.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UPLOAD_BUFFERSIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_send.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HAPPY_EYEBALLS_TIMEOUT_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FNMATCH_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROGRESSDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXREDIRS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_wait.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TLSAUTH_PASSWORD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSL_VERIFYPEER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_USERNAME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TLSAUTH_USERNAME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ALTSVC_CTRL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_XFERINFODATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_HTTPAUTH_AVAIL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_KEEPIDLE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_formadd.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NOPROXY.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PUT.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_socket_action.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_LENGTH_UPLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PIPELINING_SERVER_BL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLCERTTYPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLKEY.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SIZE_UPLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_version_info.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOCALPORT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKOPTFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPAUTH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIEJAR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TLSAUTH_PASSWORD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REQUEST_SIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PATH_AS_IS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_data_cb.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DOH_SSL_VERIFYHOST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOCALPORTRANGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CAINFO.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SIZE_DOWNLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_REFERER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_ENABLE_NPN.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NOPROGRESS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DEBUGFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLKEYTYPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_WS_OPTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP_TRANSFER_DECODING.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TELNETOPTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CUSTOMREQUEST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_STREAM_DEPENDS_E.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTFIELDSIZE_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_ws_recv.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAX_CONCURRENT_STREAMS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ALTSVC.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONNECT_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_XFERINFOFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYHOST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMEOUT_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_global_init.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_getdate.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_strequal.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_KEYDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_UNLOCKFUNC.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_slist_free_all.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_PRIVATE_KEYFILE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_QUOTE.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_XOAUTH2_BEARER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CAPATH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TRANSFERTEXT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FOLLOWLOCATION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP200ALIASES.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_pause.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTFIELDSIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_CACHE_TIMEOUT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOGIN_OPTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_global_init_mem.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CAINFO_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRIMARY_PORT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NOBODY.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PUSHFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DEFAULT_PROTOCOL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PASSWORD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONDITION_UNMET.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_STREAM_DEPENDS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_CIPHER_LIST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_ISSUERCERT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_version.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RTSP_SESSION_ID.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MIME_OPTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UPLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_escape.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_HEADER_SIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_option_by_name.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_TRANSPORT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TRAILERDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PROTOCOL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_SESSIONID_CACHE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLCERTTYPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_WILDCARDMATCH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_cleanup.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_IOCTLFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIEFILE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ACCEPT_ENCODING.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONV_FROM_UTF8_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKOPTDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_IOCTLDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_filename.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_strerror.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_CHUNK_LENGTH_PENALTY_SIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/curl-config.1.gz    libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcurl.so                     libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libcurl.pc           libcurl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdb-18.1.a                   libdb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdb-18.1.la                  libdb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdb_cxx.a                    libdb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdb.a                        libdb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdb_cxx-18.1.a               libdb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdb_cxx-18.1.la              libdb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/db.h                       libdb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/db_cxx.h                   libdb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/db_185.h                   libdb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libdb/LICENSE            libdb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdb-18.so                    libdb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdb.so                       libdb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdb-18.1.so                  libdb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdb_cxx-18.1.so              libdb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdb_cxx.so                   libdb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libdb_cxx-18.so                libdb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event.h                    libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/evutil.h                   libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/evhttp.h                   libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/event.h             libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/http_compat.h       libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/util.h              libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/event_compat.h      libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/buffer.h            libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/tag.h               libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/keyvalq_struct.h    libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/rpc_struct.h        libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/rpc_compat.h        libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/visibility.h        libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/bufferevent_struct.h libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/http.h              libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/http_struct.h       libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/bufferevent_compat.h libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/listener.h          libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/tag_compat.h        libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/event_struct.h      libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/event-config.h      libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/rpc.h               libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/buffer_compat.h     libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/bufferevent.h       libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/dns_struct.h        libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/dns_compat.h        libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/thread.h            libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/event2/dns.h               libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/evrpc.h                    libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/evdns.h                    libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libevent/LICENSE         libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libevent_extra-2.1.so          libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libevent_core-2.1.so           libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libevent_pthreads-2.1.so       libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libevent_pthreads.so           libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/libevent/LibeventTargets-shared-release.cmake libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/libevent/LibeventConfig.cmake libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/libevent/LibeventTargets-shared.cmake libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/libevent/LibeventConfigVersion.cmake libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libevent_extra.so              libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libevent_pthreads.pc libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libevent_extra.pc    libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libevent_core.pc     libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libevent.pc          libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libevent.so                    libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libevent-2.1.so                libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libevent_core.so               libevent
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libexpat.la                    libexpat-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libexpat.a                     libexpat-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/expat_external.h           libexpat
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/expat_config.h             libexpat
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/expat.h                    libexpat
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/expat/AUTHORS            libexpat
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/expat/changelog          libexpat
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libexpat/LICENSE         libexpat
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/expat-2.5.0/expat-config-version.cmake libexpat
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/expat-2.5.0/expat-config.cmake libexpat
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/expat-2.5.0/expat.cmake  libexpat
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/expat-2.5.0/expat-noconfig.cmake libexpat
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libexpat.so                    libexpat
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/expat.pc             libexpat
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libfdisk/libfdisk.h        libfdisk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libfdisk.so                    libfdisk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/fdisk.pc             libfdisk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libffi.la                      libffi-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libffi.a                       libffi-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ffitarget.h                libffi
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ffi.h                      libffi
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libffi/LICENSE           libffi
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/libffi.info             libffi
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ffi_call.3.gz       libffi
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ffi_prep_cif_var.3.gz libffi
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ffi.3.gz            libffi
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ffi_prep_cif.3.gz   libffi
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libffi.pc            libffi
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libffi.so                      libffi
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgcrypt.la                   libgcrypt-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgcrypt.a                    libgcrypt-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gcrypt.h                   libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/hmac256                        libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dumpsexp                       libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/libgcrypt-config               libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mpicalc                        libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/libgcrypt.m4         libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libgcrypt/COPYING.LIB    libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libgcrypt/COPYING        libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libgcrypt/LICENSES       libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gcrypt.info-2           libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gcrypt.info             libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gcrypt.info-1           libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/hmac256.1.gz        libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgcrypt.so                   libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libgcrypt.pc         libgcrypt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgmpxx.la                    libgmp-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgmpxx.a                     libgmp-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgmp.a                       libgmp-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgmp.la                      libgmp-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gmpxx.h                    libgmp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gmp.h                      libgmp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libgmp/LICENSE           libgmp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gmp.info-1              libgmp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gmp.info                libgmp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gmp.info-2              libgmp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgmp.so                      libgmp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgmpxx.so                    libgmp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gmpxx.pc             libgmp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gmp.pc               libgmp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgnutlsxx.a                  libgnutls-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgnutls-dane.a               libgnutls-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgnutlsxx.la                 libgnutls-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgnutls-dane.la              libgnutls-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgnutls.a                    libgnutls-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgnutls.la                   libgnutls-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/pkcs12.h            libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/compat.h            libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/pkcs11.h            libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/x509-ext.h          libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/gnutls.h            libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/x509.h              libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/dane.h              libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/ocsp.h              libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/self-test.h         libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/tpm.h               libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/socket.h            libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/gnutlsxx.h          libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/abstract.h          libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/system-keys.h       libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/openpgp.h           libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/pkcs7.h             libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/urls.h              libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/crypto.h            libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnutls/dtls.h              libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libgnutls/LICENSE        libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libgnutls/LICENSE.1      libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgnutlsxx.so                 libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgnutls.so                   libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gnutls.pc            libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gnutls-dane.pc       libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgnutls-dane.so              libgnutls
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgpg-error.la                libgpg-error-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgpg-error.a                 libgpg-error-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gpg-error.h                libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gpgrt.h                    libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpg-error-config               libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpgrt-config                   libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/yat2m                          libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/gpg-error                      libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/gpg-error.m4         libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/gpgrt.m4             libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/libgpg-error/errorref.txt    libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libgpg-error/LICENSE     libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/gpgrt.info              libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-error-config.1.gz libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libgpg-error.so                libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gpg-error.pc         libgpg-error
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcharset.la                  libiconv-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libiconv.la                    libiconv-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libiconv.a                     libiconv-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcharset.a                   libiconv-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/iconv.h                    libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/localcharset.h             libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libcharset.h               libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/iconvctl.3.html          libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/iconv.3.html             libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/iconv.1.html             libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/iconv_open_into.3.html   libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libiconv/LICENSE         libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libiconv/LICENSE.1       libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/iconv_open.3.html        libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/iconv_close.3.html       libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv_open.3.gz     libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv.3.gz          libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv_open_into.3.gz libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv_close.3.gz    libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconvctl.3.gz       libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/iconv.1.gz          libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcharset.so                  libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libiconv.so                    libiconv
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicutest.a                   libicu-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicui18n.a                   libicu-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicudata.a                   libicu-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicutu.a                     libicu-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicuuc.a                     libicu-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicuio.a                     libicu-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/utf_old.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/umsg.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/casemap.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ptypes.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/unorm2.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/sortkey.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ustdio.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/resbund.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/rbtz.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/fieldpos.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/choicfmt.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/umisc.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/listformatter.h    libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/vtzone.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ubiditransform.h   libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/plurfmt.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/parseerr.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/chariter.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/docmain.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uidna.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/compactdecimalformat.h libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uloc.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/dbbi.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/regex.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/decimfmt.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ubidi.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/caniter.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/udisplaycontext.h  libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/umachine.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/udisplayoptions.h  libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/umutablecptrie.h   libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucharstriebuilder.h libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/appendable.h       libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/stsearch.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/utext.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/reldatefmt.h       libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/dtrule.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/filteredbrk.h      libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/plurrule.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/utf16.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/selfmt.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/edits.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/unifunct.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/simpletz.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/parsepos.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/coll.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucnv_cb.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/stringoptions.h    libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/numfmt.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/utrans.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/calendar.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/utypes.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/rbbi.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/unumsys.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uformattedvalue.h  libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/bytestream.h       libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/basictz.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/datefmt.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucat.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/udatpg.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/tmutfmt.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/brkiter.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uiter.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucal.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uniset.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/localebuilder.h    libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ustring.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucnvsel.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/measure.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ustream.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucol.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uldnames.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/locid.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/unistr.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/gender.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/unum.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/enumset.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/putil.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/numberformatter.h  libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucnv.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/upluralrules.h     libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/currunit.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/curramt.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/dtitvinf.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/symtable.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/coleitr.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/dtitvfmt.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ures.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uenum.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/normlzr.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/locdspnm.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ureldatefmt.h      libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/utrace.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ubrk.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uset.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucoleitr.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucurr.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/utf32.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/msgfmt.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucnv_err.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucharstrie.h       libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uchar.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/tztrans.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ufieldpositer.h    libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/platform.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ustringtrie.h      libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/timezone.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/icudataver.h       libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/scientificnumberformatter.h libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/tzfmt.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/tblcoll.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uversion.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uclean.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uspoof.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/errorcode.h        libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/char16ptr.h        libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/alphaindex.h       libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/bytestrie.h        libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/measunit.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/localematcher.h    libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/rep.h              libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uobject.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/schriter.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/unifilt.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/localpointer.h     libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ulistformatter.h   libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/nounit.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/urename.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/tzrule.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucsdet.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/displayoptions.h   libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/gregocal.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uchriter.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uregion.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/dtfmtsym.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/fpositer.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/simpleformatter.h  libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucasemap.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uscript.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/numsys.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ushape.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/usetiter.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/translit.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/currpinf.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/numberrangeformatter.h libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/usearch.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/stringtriebuilder.h libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/search.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uconfig.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/idna.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/stringpiece.h      libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/normalizer2.h      libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/messagepattern.h   libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/unorm.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ugender.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ulocdata.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/udata.h            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/fmtable.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uvernum.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/dtintrv.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/tznames.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uformattable.h     libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/strenum.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/format.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/region.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/unirepl.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/unumberrangeformatter.h libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/std_string.h       libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/unimatch.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/urep.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/unumberformatter.h libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/bytestriebuilder.h libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/usprep.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/rbnf.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/udat.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/utf8.h             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/udateintervalformat.h libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/utf.h              libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/tmunit.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/icuplug.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/smpdtfmt.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/formattedvalue.h   libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/dcfmtsym.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucptrie.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/utmscale.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/uregex.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/dtptngen.h         libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/ucpmap.h           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/tmutamt.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicode/measfmt.h          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libicu/LICENSE           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/icu/72.1/config/mh-linux     libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/icu/72.1/mkinstalldirs       libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/icu/72.1/install-sh          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/icu/72.1/LICENSE             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicuuc.so.72.1               libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicutest.so.72.1             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicutest.so                  libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicudata.so                  libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicutu.so.72                 libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicutu.so                    libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicudata.so.72.1             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicuuc.so                    libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicuuc.so.72                 libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicudata.so.72               libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicuio.so.72.1               libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicui18n.so.72.1             libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicui18n.so                  libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicuio.so.72                 libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/icu/current                    libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/icu/Makefile.inc               libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/icu/pkgdata.inc                libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/icu/72.1/Makefile.inc          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/icu/72.1/pkgdata.inc           libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/icu-uc.pc            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/icu-io.pc            libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/icu-i18n.pc          libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicuio.so                    libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicutu.so.72.1               libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicui18n.so.72               libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libicutest.so.72               libicu
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libidn2.la                     libidn2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libidn2.a                      libidn2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/idn2.h                     libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/idn2                           libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libidn2/LICENSE.2        libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libidn2/LICENSE          libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libidn2/LICENSE.1        libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/libidn2.info            libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_4z4z.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_8z4z.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_lookup_ul.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_check_version.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_44i.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_free.3.gz      libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_register_ul.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_lookup_u8.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_8z8z.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_lz.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_lzlz.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_register_u8.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_4i.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_4i2.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_8zlz.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_8z.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_strerror.3.gz  libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_strerror_name.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_4z.3.gz libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/idn2.1.gz           libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libidn2.so                     libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libidn2.pc           libidn2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libksba.la                     libksba-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libksba.a                      libksba-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ksba.h                     libksba
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ksba-config                    libksba
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/ksba.m4              libksba
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libksba/LICENSE.2        libksba
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libksba/LICENSE          libksba
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libksba/LICENSE.1        libksba
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/ksba.info               libksba
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libksba.so                     libksba
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ksba.pc              libksba
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lz4frame.h                 liblz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lz4.h                      liblz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lz4hc.h                    liblz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/liblz4/LICENSE           liblz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/lz4/lz4Targets.cmake     liblz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/lz4/lz4Targets-release.cmake liblz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/lz4/lz4ConfigVersion.cmake liblz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/lz4/lz4Config.cmake      liblz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/liblz4.pc            liblz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/liblz4.so                      liblz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/liblzma.la                     liblzma-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/liblzma.a                      liblzma-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/container.h           liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/lzma12.h              liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/hardware.h            liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/filter.h              liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/index.h               liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/index_hash.h          liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/version.h             liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/stream_flags.h        liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/bcj.h                 liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/check.h               liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/vli.h                 liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/delta.h               liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/base.h                liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma/block.h               liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/lzma.h                     liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/lzma-file-format.txt  liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/faq.txt               liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/THANKS                liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/COPYING               liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_hd.png        liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/globals_enum.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/classes.html      liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/bdwn.png          liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/docd.png          liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/folderopen.png    liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_a.png         liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/stream__flags_8h.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/globals_type.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__mt.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__filter.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/splitbard.png     liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_bd.png        liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/globals.html      liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/index__hash_8h.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__block.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__options__lzma.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__stream.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/container_8h.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/index_8h.html     liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_s.png         liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/globals_func.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/folderclosed.png  liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_b.png         liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/nav_hd.png        liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/nav_g.png         liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/functions.html    liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/files.html        liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__stream__flags.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/closed.png        liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/nav_h.png         liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/bc_sd.png         liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/block_8h.html     liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_h.png         liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/lzma_8h.html      liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/doc.png           liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/globals_defs.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/annotated.html    liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__options__bcj.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/bcj_8h.html       liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/bc_s.png          liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tabs.css          liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/index.html        liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/splitbar.png      liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/nav_fd.png        liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/nav_f.png         liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__options__delta.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/lzma12_8h.html    liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/delta_8h.html     liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/hardware_8h.html  liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/globals_eval.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/open.png          liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/sync_on.png       liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/functions_vars.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/check_8h.html     liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/doxygen.css       liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_sd.png        liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_ad.png        liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/base_8h.html      liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/sync_off.png      liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/vli_8h.html       liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/version_8h.html   liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/doxygen.svg       liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/dir_b17a1d403082bd69a703ed987cf158fb.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__index__iter.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__allocator.html liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/filter_8h.html    liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/AUTHORS               liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/COPYING.GPLv2         liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples_old/xz_pipe_decomp.c liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples_old/xz_pipe_comp.c liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/README                liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/TODO                  liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/NEWS                  liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/history.txt           liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/xz-file-format.txt    liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/00_README.txt liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/Makefile     liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/02_decompress.c liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/03_compress_custom.c liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/04_compress_easy_mt.c liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/01_compress_easy.c liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/liblzma/COPYING.LGPLv2.1 liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/liblzma/COPYING          liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/liblzma/COPYING.GPLv2    liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/liblzma/COPYING.GPLv3    liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/liblzma.so.5                   liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/liblzma.so.5.4.2               liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/liblzma.pc           liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/liblzma.so                     liblzma
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmd.a                        libmd-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmd.la                       libmd-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/sha256.h                   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/sha.h                      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/md2.h                      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/rmd160.h                   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/sha512.h                   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/md5.h                      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/md4.h                      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ripemd.h                   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/sha1.h                     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/sha2.h                     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libmd/COPYING            libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2Final.3.gz       libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5Pad.3.gz         libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384Init.3.gz     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1Final.3.gz      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512File.3.gz     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160Transform.3.gz libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5Data.3.gz        libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5End.3.gz         libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256Init.3.gz     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2End.3.gz         libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384Final.3.gz    libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1FileChunk.3.gz  libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1End.3.gz        libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/sha2.3.gz           libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2Data.3.gz        libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1Pad.3.gz        libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5FileChunk.3.gz   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/md5.3.gz            libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2FileChunk.3.gz   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256FileChunk.3.gz libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1Init.3.gz       libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256File.3.gz     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384Update.3.gz   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/sha1.3.gz           libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512Transform.3.gz libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512Update.3.gz   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1File.3.gz       libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160End.3.gz      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4Update.3.gz      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512Final.3.gz    libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5Init.3.gz        libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256Transform.3.gz libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4FileChunk.3.gz   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2Update.3.gz      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160Data.3.gz     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384End.3.gz      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256Update.3.gz   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160Update.3.gz   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/md2.3.gz            libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160FileChunk.3.gz libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384File.3.gz     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5Update.3.gz      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512Data.3.gz     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4File.3.gz        libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160Final.3.gz    libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256Pad.3.gz      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384Pad.3.gz      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384Transform.3.gz libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5Final.3.gz       libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5File.3.gz        libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2Transform.3.gz   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1Data.3.gz       libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256Data.3.gz     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160File.3.gz     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512End.3.gz      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4Final.3.gz       libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512Pad.3.gz      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2File.3.gz        libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5Transform.3.gz   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2Init.3.gz        libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256Final.3.gz    libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4Transform.3.gz   libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4End.3.gz         libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4Init.3.gz        libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512Init.3.gz     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rmd160.3.gz         libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256End.3.gz      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4Pad.3.gz         libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160Init.3.gz     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1Transform.3.gz  libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160Pad.3.gz      libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/md4.3.gz            libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1Update.3.gz     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384FileChunk.3.gz libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512FileChunk.3.gz libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384Data.3.gz     libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4Data.3.gz        libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmd.so                       libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libmd.pc             libmd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libmount/libmount.h        libmount
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmount.so                    libmount
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/mount.pc             libmount
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmpfr.a                      libmpfr-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmpfr.la                     libmpfr-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/mpfr.h                     libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/mpf2mpfr.h                 libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libmpfr/LICENSE          libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/COPYING             libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/BUGS                libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/AUTHORS             libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/FAQ.html            libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/TODO                libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/NEWS                libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/threads.c  libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/rndo-add.c libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/sample.c   libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/divworst.c libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/can_round.c libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/ReadMe     libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/version.c  libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/COPYING.LESSER      libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/mpfr.info               libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/mpfr.pc              libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmpfr.so                     libmpfr
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libhogweed.a                   libnettle-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libnettle.a                    libnettle-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/pss.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/dsa.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/base16.h            libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/chacha.h            libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/hmac.h              libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/md5-compat.h        libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/salsa20.h           libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/xts.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/pgp.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/cbc.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/ripemd160.h         libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/gostdsa.h           libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/base64.h            libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/sha.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/ccm.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/arcfour.h           libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/umac.h              libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/chacha-poly1305.h   libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/ecdsa.h             libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/arctwo.h            libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/sm3.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/buffer.h            libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/curve25519.h        libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/nettle-meta.h       libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/ecc.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/asn1.h              libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/aes.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/ecc-curve.h         libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/cfb.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/gosthash94.h        libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/poly1305.h          libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/siv-cmac.h          libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/md2.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/streebog.h          libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/hkdf.h              libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/macros.h            libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/version.h           libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/dsa-compat.h        libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/eax.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/gcm.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/rsa.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/eddsa.h             libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/pbkdf2.h            libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/nettle-types.h      libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/bignum.h            libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/md5.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/cast128.h           libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/twofish.h           libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/curve448.h          libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/pss-mgf1.h          libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/md4.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/yarrow.h            libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/pkcs1.h             libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/realloc.h           libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/ctr.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/des.h               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/knuth-lfib.h        libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/sha3.h              libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/sha1.h              libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/nist-keywrap.h      libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/blowfish.h          libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/sha2.h              libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/sexp.h              libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/memops.h            libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/serpent.h           libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/camellia.h          libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/cmac.h              libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nettle/memxor.h            libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libnettle/LICENSE        libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libnettle/LICENSE.1      libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/nettle.info             libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libhogweed.so.6.6              libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libnettle.so                   libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libhogweed.so                  libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libnettle.so.8.6               libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libhogweed.so.6                libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libnettle.so.8                 libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/hogweed.pc           libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/nettle.pc            libnettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libnghttp2.la                  libnghttp2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libnghttp2.a                   libnghttp2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nghttp2/nghttp2.h          libnghttp2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nghttp2/nghttp2ver.h       libnghttp2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libnghttp2/LICENSE       libnghttp2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/nghttp2/README.rst       libnghttp2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libnghttp2.pc        libnghttp2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libnghttp2.so                  libnghttp2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libnpth.a                      libnpth-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libnpth.la                     libnpth-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/npth.h                     libnpth
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/npth-config                    libnpth
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/npth.m4              libnpth
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libnpth/LICENSE          libnpth
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libnpth.so                     libnpth
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpng.a                       libpng-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpng16.a                     libpng-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpng.la                      libpng-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpng16.la                    libpng-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libpng16/pnglibconf.h      libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libpng16/png.h             libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libpng16/pngconf.h         libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/pnglibconf.h               libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/png.h                      libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/pngconf.h                  libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/libpng-config                  libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/libpng16-config                libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libpng/LICENSE           libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libpngpf.3.gz       libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libpng.3.gz         libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/png.5.gz            libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpng16.so                    libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpng.pc            libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpng16.pc          libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpng.so                      libpng
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libsmartcols/libsmartcols.h libsmartcols
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libsmartcols.so                libsmartcols
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/smartcols.pc         libsmartcols
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libsqlite3.a                   libsqlite-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libsqlite3.la                  libsqlite-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/sqlite3ext.h               libsqlite
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/sqlite3.h                  libsqlite
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libsqlite/LICENSE        libsqlite
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/sqlite3.pc           libsqlite
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libsqlite3.so                  libsqlite
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libssh2.a                      libssh2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libssh2.la                     libssh2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libssh2_publickey.h        libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libssh2_sftp.h             libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libssh2.h                  libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libssh2/LICENSE          libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_send_eof.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_connect.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_get_exit_status.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rmdir.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_init_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_free.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_get_identity.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_receive_window_adjust2.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_banner_set.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_exec.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_seek.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_get_timeout.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_lstat.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_write.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_opendir.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_set_identity_path.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_free.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_set_timeout.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_process_startup.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rename.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_direct_tcpip_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_shell.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_add.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_callback_set.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_close_handle.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fsync.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_tell64.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_keyboard_interactive.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_window_read.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_base64_decode.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_forward_accept.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fstatvfs.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_setstat.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_poll.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_flush_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_realpath.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_open_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_add.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_init.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_init.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_send64.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_free.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_set_blocking.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_request_pty_size.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_free.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_stat.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_forward_listen.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_open.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_banner_get.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_trace_sethandler.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_remove_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_readline.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_checkp.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_get_channel.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_disconnect.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_remove.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_methods.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_ignore_extended_data.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_last_errno.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_open_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_abstract.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_shutdown.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_init.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_readfile.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_get.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_keyboard_interactive_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_flag.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_open_session.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_setenv_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_window_read_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_disconnect.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fsetstat.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_close.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_request_pty.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_version.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_keepalive_send.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_list_identities.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_stat_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_tell.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_read.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_window_write_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_direct_tcpip.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_keepalive_config.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_mkdir.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_last_error.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_method_pref.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_eof.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_hostbased_fromfile_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_x11_req_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_window_write.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_request_pty_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_userauth.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_write_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_publickey.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_set_last_error.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_poll_channel_read.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_write.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_add_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rewind.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_recv.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_publickey_fromfile.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_free.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_list_fetch.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_supported_algs.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_trace.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_symlink_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_wait_closed.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_block_directions.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fstat_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_read.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_authenticated.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_get_blocking.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_read_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_exit.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_writefile.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_password_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_list_free.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_hostbased_fromfile.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_shutdown.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_get_identity_path.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_writeline.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_flush_stderr.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_send.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rmdir_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_get_exit_signal.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_symlink.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_list.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_wait_eof.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_startup.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_setenv.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_seek64.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_recv2.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_init.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_x11_req.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_handle_extended_data2.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_forward_listen_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_init.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_readdir_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fstat.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_publickey_fromfile_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_publickey_frommemory.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_subsystem.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_flush.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_password.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_banner_set.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_init.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_request_pty_size_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_unlink_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_closedir.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_addc.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_del.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_set_blocking.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rename_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_unlink.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_forward_cancel.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_disconnect_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_handshake.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_last_error.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_handle_extended_data.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_hostkey_hash.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_send_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_write_stderr.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_mkdir_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_statvfs.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_readlink.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_check.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_readdir.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_close.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_read_stderr.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_hostkey.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_receive_window_adjust.3.gz libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libssh2.so                     libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libssh2.pc           libssh2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtalloc.a                    libtalloc-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/talloc.h                   libtalloc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libtalloc/LICENSE        libtalloc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/talloc.3.gz         libtalloc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtalloc.so.2                 libtalloc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtalloc.so                   libtalloc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/talloc.pc            libtalloc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtalloc.so.2.4.0             libtalloc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtirpc.a                     libtirpc-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtirpc.la                    libtirpc-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/auth.h           libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/clnt.h           libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/svc.h            libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpc_com.h        libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/raw.h            libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/nettype.h        libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/svc_mt.h         libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpcb_prot.x      libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/svc_soc.h        libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpcb_clnt.h      libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/key_prot.h       libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/svc_dg.h         libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpc_msg.h        libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/clnt_soc.h       libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/xdr.h            libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/auth_des.h       libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpc.h            libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpcent.h         libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/pmap_clnt.h      libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/des.h            libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/types.h          libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/auth_unix.h      libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/svc_auth.h       libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/pmap_rmt.h       libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/pmap_prot.h      libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpcb_prot.h      libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/clnt_stat.h      libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/des_crypt.h      libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/netconfig.h          libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpcsvc/crypt.h       libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpcsvc/crypt.x       libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libtirpc/LICENSE         libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_svc_err.3t.gz   libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc.3t.gz           libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_clnt_create.3t.gz libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/des_crypt.3t.gz     libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rtime.3t.gz         libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_clnt_auth.3t.gz libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_secure.3t.gz    libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_svc_calls.3t.gz libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_clnt_calls.3t.gz libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_xdr.3t.gz       libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_svc_reg.3t.gz   libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_svc_create.3t.gz libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getnetconfig.3t.gz  libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpcbind.3t.gz       libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_soc.3t.gz       libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/bindresvport.3t.gz  libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getrpcport.3t.gz    libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getrpcent.3t.gz     libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getnetpath.3t.gz    libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/netconfig.5.gz      libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libtirpc.pc          libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtirpc.so                    libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/netconfig                      libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/bindresvport.blacklist         libtirpc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libunistring.a                 libunistring-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libunistring.la                libunistring-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unicase.h                  libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/uniconv.h                  libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unilbrk.h                  libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unistdio.h                 libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/uninorm.h                  libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unigbrk.h                  libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unistr.h                   libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unitypes.h                 libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unictype.h                 libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unistring/iconveh.h        libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unistring/stdbool.h        libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unistring/woe32dll.h       libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unistring/version.h        libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unistring/localcharset.h   libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unistring/inline.h         libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unistring/cdefs.h          libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unistring/stdint.h         libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/uniname.h                  libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/uniwidth.h                 libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/uniwbrk.h                  libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_2.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_9.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_22.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_4.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_toc.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_1.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_18.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_5.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_19.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_17.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_14.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_6.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_3.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_13.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_21.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_15.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_20.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_11.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_12.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_abt.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/LICENSE     libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_8.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_16.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_10.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_7.html libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/LICENSE.1   libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/libunistring.info       libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libunistring.so                libunistring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libusb-1.0.la                  libusb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libusb-1.0.a                   libusb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libusb-1.0/libusb.h        libusb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libusb/LICENSE           libusb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libusb-1.0.so                  libusb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libusb-1.0.pc        libusb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/uuid/uuid.h                libuuid
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libuuid.so                     libuuid
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/uuid.pc              libuuid
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libX11.la                      libx11-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libX11.a                       libx11-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libX11-xcb.la                  libx11-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libX11-xcb.a                   libx11-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/Xregion.h              libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/Xcms.h                 libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/Xutil.h                libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/cursorfont.h           libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/XlibConf.h             libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/ImUtil.h               libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/Xresource.h            libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/Xlib.h                 libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/Xlibint.h              libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XKBgeom.h   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/XKBlib.h               libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/Xlib-xcb.h             libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/Xlocale.h              libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/dynamicflow.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/staticflowsampleseq.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/xim.xml       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/staticflow.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/dynamicflowsampleseq.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/sampleprotocolflow2.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/sampleprotocolflow1.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/eventflow.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ja.SJIS.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-5.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/isiri-3342.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-1.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/am_ET.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/pt_BR.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/km_KH.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/th_TH.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-4.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/th_TH.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-10.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ru_RU.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-9.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/mulelao-1.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/sr_RS.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_HK.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_HK.big5hkscs.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/koi8-r.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/libX11-keys.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-2.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ko_KR.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/pt_PT.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/microsoft-cp1255.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_CN.gb18030.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/georgian-academy.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/el_GR.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-7.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/armscii-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/cs_CZ.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/nokhchi-1.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-14.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-11.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_TW.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/vi_VN.viscii.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_TW.big5.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/en_US.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_CN.gbk.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ko.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/koi8-u.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/tatar-cyr.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-13.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/vi_VN.tcvn.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/microsoft-cp1251.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/fi_FI.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ibm-cp1133.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ja_JP.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/koi8-c.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_CN.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/tscii-0.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_CN.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ja.JIS.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ja.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/microsoft-cp1256.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/georgian-ps.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/C.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_HK.big5.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-15.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iscii-dev.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-6.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-3.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-9e.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_TW.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/trans/trans.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/framework/framework.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/framework/framework.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/localedb/localedb.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH02.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH03.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/AppD.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH09.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH04.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/AppB.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH05.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH08.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH01.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/AppA.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/glossary.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH16.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH10.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH11.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH14.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/AppC.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/libX11.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH13.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH12.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH15.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH07.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/credits.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH06.xml   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch05.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-8.svg  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch22.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch04.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch20.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch07.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-11.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch08.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch03.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-20.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-1.svg  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-19.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-4.svg  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-6.svg  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-7.svg  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch19.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch16.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-10.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch01.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/xkblib.xml    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-18.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-2.svg  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/acknowledgement.xml libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch13.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/glossary.xml  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch14.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-14.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch12.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch21.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch02.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch11.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch18.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch10.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-9.svg  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-13.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-15.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-5.svg  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-12.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch06.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-21.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch09.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch15.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-16.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-17.svg libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch17.xml      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-3.svg  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libx11/COPYING           libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUninstallColormap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetDeviceButtonActions.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetKeyboardControl.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomProperties.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbApplyCompatMapToKey.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayOfOM.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetICValues.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayCells.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetIconSizes.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWMHints.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLookupKeySym.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyTypesForCoreSymbols.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetAccessControl.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMaskEvent.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCopyArea.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XErrorEvent.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbInitCanonicalKeyTypes.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNamedGeometry.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbOutOfRangeGroupInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateRequestEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreBytes.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReadBitmapFileData.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetInputFocus.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckWindowEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetGeometry.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShrinkRegion.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocClassHint.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbDeviceBellEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ScreenCount.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQPutResource.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSizeHints.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSelectionEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbCopyKeyTypes.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIconifyWindow.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsAllocNamedColor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryTextExtents.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeControls.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIconSize.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeGC.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetClipMask.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeycodeToKeysym.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetLineAttributes.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayWidth.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocNames.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextItem.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyActionsPtr.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEqualRegion.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetLocaleModifiers.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetBounceKeysDelay.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillArcs.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomKeyAliases.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInitThreads.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextExtents.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultScreenOfDisplay.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeyEvent.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocKeyboard.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOpenIM.3.gz        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInternAtoms.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetImage.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDeleteContext.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetServerInternalMods.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsSetWhitePoint.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeEnabledControls.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsPFKey.3.gz        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOMOfOC.3.gz        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryTree.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomOverlayRows.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/BitmapBitOrder.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetTSOrigin.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetControls.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddConnectionWatch.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XNoOp.3.gz          libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayWidthMM.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetTextProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListProperties.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreePixmap.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsModifierKey.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeySymsPtr.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetPointerMapping.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOpenDisplay.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryBlack.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XExtendedMaxRequestSize.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPutImage.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeysymToString.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbActionCtrls.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMaxLC.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPoint.3.gz         libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQGetSearchResource.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetGraphicsExposure.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQuarkToString.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTranslateCoordinates.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextExtents16.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XResizeWindow.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCloseOM.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmEnumerateDatabase.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPending.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMColormapWindows.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBackgroundPixmap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConvertSelection.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetOMValues.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListHosts.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayName.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbComputeSectionBounds.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDetectableAutoRepeat.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/BlackPixel.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomOutlines.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayString.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ScreenWhitePointOfCCC.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCopyGC.3.gz        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateFontSet.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetICFocus.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbDrawText.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmOptionDescRec.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayHeightMM.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/QLength.3.gz        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapRequestEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8DrawImageString.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFontProp.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbPtrActionX.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSynchronize.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLoadFont.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFindContext.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetRegion.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomOutlines.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomRow.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextEscapement.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XResourceManagerString.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextProperty.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeEventData.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInternAtom.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetGCValues.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnregisterIMInstantiateCallback.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUndefineCursor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEvent.3.gz         libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStringToKeysym.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomDoodads.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XNewModifiermap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetModifierMapping.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbIgnoreExtension.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetOCValues.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCharStruct.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateOC.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayMotionBufferSize.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabKeyboard.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbOpenDisplay.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsPrivateKeypadKey.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLockDisplay.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuv.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmGetDatabase.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XBaseFontNameListOfFontSet.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsSetWhiteAdjustProc.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/HeightMMOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetIndicatorChanges.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyNumActions.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmCombineDatabase.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSync.3.gz          libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetPixel.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLatchModifiers.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNameChanges.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetTransientForHint.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeCompatMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetRGBColormaps.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetAtomName.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGravityEvent.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetAutoResetControls.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMSizeHints.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRectangle.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeNames.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetDashes.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFontPath.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryBestStipple.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCopyColormapAndFree.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsStoreColor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetIconName.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDeleteModifiermapEntry.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextEscapement.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcLookupString.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeycodeToKeysym.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddDeviceLedInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPolygonRegion.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillPolygon.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIntersectRegion.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomProps.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomKeys.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetCommand.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSARedirectVMods.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnsetICFocus.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryGreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyExplicitComponents.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMoveWindow.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawLines.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetTransientForHint.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckTypedEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawString.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmGetFileDatabase.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLatchGroup.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnloadFont.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetXlibControls.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSARedirectSetVModsMask.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabServer.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsMiscFunctionKey.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListFonts.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryColor.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/BlackPixelOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGContextFromGC.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeometry.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVC.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XVisibilityEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/BitmapUnit.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/HeightOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeTypesOfKey.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetCompatMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreColors.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ProtocolVersion.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPutBackEvent.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocIconSize.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMIconName.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMaxL.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextPropertyToTextList.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcDrawText.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQGetSearchList.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/PlanesOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMProtocols.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomKey.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGenericEventCookie.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsSetCCCOfColormap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyOC.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomOverlayKeys.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocNamedColor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRegisterIMInstantiateCallback.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextExtents.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDeleteProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMHints.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMName.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAutoRepeatOn.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextExtents.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayKeycodes.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetModActionVMods.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XForceScreenSaver.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetErrorHandler.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryColors.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XModifierKeymap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbOutOfRangeGroupNumber.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIMOfIC.3.gz        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomSection.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyIC.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomSections.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmLocaleOfDatabase.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMClientMachine.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetTile.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQGetResource.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBackground.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextItem16.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxV.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetIndicatorState.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabButton.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxLC.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbNoteIndicatorChanges.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/BitmapPad.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextListToTextProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmSetDatabase.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeStringList.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetKeyboardMapping.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XParseColor.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangePointerControl.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSARedirectVModsMask.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawRectangles.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeExtensionList.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomSections.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSelectEventDetails.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeysymToKeycode.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInternalConnectionNumbers.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetAccessXTimeout.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddHosts.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeDeviceInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbLookupString.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsKeypadKey.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetStipple.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDeviceInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreBuffer.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSAActionSetCtrls.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroySubwindows.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryColors.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetErrorText.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMClientMachine.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabKey.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPeekEvent.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeIndicatorMaps.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomOverlays.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetForeground.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnmapWindow.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLocaleOfOM.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReadBitmapFile.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetBackground.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELab.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPropertyEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetIndicatorMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/VisualOfCCC.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLookupKeysym.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbNoteNameChanges.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetScreenSaver.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDeviceLedInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGraphicsExposeEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmStringToBindingQuarkList.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocSizeHints.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetIgnoreLockMods.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8ResetIC.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRestackWindows.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDefaultString.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetModifierMapping.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetScreenSaver.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFlush.3.gz         libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryBestSize.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocColor.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyGroupWidth.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XVisualInfo.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomOutline.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxC.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSARedirectSetVMods.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XExtentsOfFontSet.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRemoveHosts.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XColormapEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPutFileDatabase.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyGroupInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XContextualDrawing.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWindowProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryColor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPutStringResource.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/WhitePixel.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetSlowKeysDelay.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFontInfo.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFocusChangeEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetClassHint.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawRectangle.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocDeviceInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyActions.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyWindow.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetAfterFunction.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckTypedWindowEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnmapEvent.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCrossingEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxVC.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListFontsWithInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLookupString.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPutResource.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbRefreshKeyboardMapping.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllowEvents.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/AllPlanes.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbResetIC.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyGroupsWidth.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPutLineResource.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFont.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbDrawImageString.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyModifierMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetInputFocus.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyNumGroups.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsDefaultCCC.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetControls.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XArc.3.gz           libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetUpdatedMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/NextRequest.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextWidth.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyTypes.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomOverlayRows.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextPropertyToTextList.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIEuvY.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetIconName.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateBitmapFromData.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyboard.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeymapEvent.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetIMValues.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPermStringToQuark.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbUpdateMapFromCore.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetPtrActionX.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddPixel.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetArcMode.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWindowAttributes.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawPoints.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMName.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawText16.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocControls.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsLookupColor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenResourceString.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XBell.3.gz          libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCreateCCC.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomColors.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbResizeKeyActions.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetFontPath.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomColor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbDrawString.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeometry.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetAccessXTimeout.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateWindowEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocServerMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyActionEntry.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmOptionKind.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetMap.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryExtension.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFontSetExtents.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextWidth16.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDefineCursor.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmCombineFileDatabase.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRotateBuffers.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetXlibControls.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUniqueContext.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFilterEvent.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetAtomNames.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPixmapFormatValues.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayOfIM.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/WhitePixelOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmStringToQuarkList.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListPixmapFormats.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextPropertyToTextList.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSendEvent.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsColor.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomKeyAliases.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ImageByteOrder.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConfigureWindow.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextPerCharExtents.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStandardColormap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClearArea.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLibraryVersion.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReparentEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryRed.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPeekIfEvent.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillArc.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbBellEvent.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSAPtrDfltValue.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetFontProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSAScreen.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbDeviceBell.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetXCBConnection.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMNormalHints.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetIndicatorMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultVisualOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInstallColormap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbResizeKeySyms.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetCloseDownMode.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcFreeStringList.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapEvent.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbPtrActionY.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenNumberOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawText.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawString16.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWithdrawWindow.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ClientWhitePointOfCCC.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyType.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetOCValues.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConfigureRequestEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeActivePointerGrab.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryTextExtents16.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreatePixmap.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetGeometry.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeControls.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextEscapement.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateWindow.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CellsOfScreen.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMaxC.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultRootWindow.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomPoints.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawSegments.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRemoveFromSaveSet.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeNames.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStringListToTextProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomShapes.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPointInRegion.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocClientMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyWindowEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetPtrActionY.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbResizeDeviceButtonActions.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFetchBuffer.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListExtensions.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInsertModifiermapEntry.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLookupColor.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeySymsOffset.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIEXYZ.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckIfEvent.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XVaCreateNestedList.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnlockDisplay.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetPlaneMask.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsConvertColors.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XXorRegion.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMSizeHints.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8SetWMProperties.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocColorCells.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxL.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConfigureEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomKeyAlias.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFontPath.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmMergeDatabases.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryWhite.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSelectInput.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbTranslateKeyCode.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeWindowAttributes.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocStandardColormap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMatchVisualInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateImage.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XExposeEvent.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCopyPlane.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFontSet.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocWMHints.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOffsetRegion.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmGetStringDatabase.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetOMValues.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbNoteControlsChanges.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRemoveHost.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyTypeIndex.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocDeviceLedInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomOverlayKey.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsFreeCCC.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XHostAddress.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XResizeRequestEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabPointer.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmStringToQuark.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreatePixmapFromBitmapData.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateSubwindows.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCloseIM.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMaxRequestSize.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSASetScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSelectEvents.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/WidthMMOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbVirtualModsToReal.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XActivateScreenSaver.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabKeyboard.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapWindow.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbForceDeviceBell.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuvQueryMinL.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyHasActions.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyRegion.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetIOErrorHandler.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChar2b.3.gz        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClassHint.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultDepth.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDirectionalDependentDrawing.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWindowEvent.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryPointer.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/EventMaskOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRectInRegion.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetCompatMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeColormap.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultGCOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFontNames.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryBlue.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ProtocolRevision.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCloseDisplay.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSaveContext.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWriteBitmapFile.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreNamedColor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEventsQueued.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeComponentList.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRebindKeysym.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeServerMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XButtonEvent.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomColors.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbQueryExtension.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeKeyboard.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MinCmapsOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMIconName.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTimeCoord.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XParseGeometry.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocColorPlanes.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8DrawText.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMinV.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryKeymap.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRecolorCursor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbNoteDeviceChanges.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomOverlays.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFontsOfFontSet.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRaiseWindow.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetClassHint.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomOverlay.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmValue.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeGC.3.gz        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLowerWindow.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIExyY.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWindowChanges.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateIC.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxC.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/RootWindow.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomShapes.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomRows.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLockGroup.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAnyEvent.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNamedDeviceIndicator.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReparentWindow.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateColormap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMoveResizeWindow.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSubtractRegion.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsRGB.3.gz        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListDepths.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetSubwindowMode.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBorder.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetIMValues.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreColor.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetAutoResetControls.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmUniqueQuark.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMNormalHints.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbListComponents.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnionRectWithRegion.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLookupKeyBinding.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayPlanes.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetDeviceInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbForceBell.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateGlyphCursor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetSelectionOwner.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeKeyboardControl.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIfEvent.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8DrawString.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetControlsChanges.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmGetResource.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLockModifiers.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsPad.3.gz        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMHints.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabKey.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeSaveSet.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextPerCharExtents.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyImage.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultColormap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextPerCharExtents.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSASetPtrDfltValue.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBorderPixmap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDeviceButtonActions.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryBestCursor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSASetGroup.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomPoints.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmInitialize.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DoesSaveUnders.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetState.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayOfCCC.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFont.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetPointerMapping.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XNoExposeEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomSectionDoodads.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabPointer.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XColor.3.gz         libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeModifiermap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetEventQueueOwner.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbSetWMProperties.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeCursor.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XResetScreenSaver.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFontStruct.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XProcessInternalConnection.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MaxCmapsOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawImageString16.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbBell.3.gz        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFunction.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFree.3.gz          libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMProtocols.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawPoint.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetStickyKeysOptions.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowColormap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryFont.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawImageString.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMProperties.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmParseCommand.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomOverlayRow.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowAttributes.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxVSamples.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSegment.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ServerVendor.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddToSaveSet.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetState.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateSubwindowsUp.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DoesBackingStore.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreName.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBorderWidth.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbComputeShapeTop.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabServer.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XVisualIDFromVisual.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMappingEvent.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbTranslateKeySym.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQPutStringResource.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeMap.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreatePixmapCursor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcDrawString.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCompose.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFetchBytes.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRotateWindowProperties.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReconfigureWMWindow.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetNames.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextExtents.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEnableAccessControl.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetNamedIndicator.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultVisual.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XNextEvent.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultDepthOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomDoodads.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFindOverlayForKey.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextListToTextProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetSubImage.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetDebuggingFlags.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddSymInterpret.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsCursorKey.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSAGroup.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMinL.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFillStyle.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateRegion.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomKeys.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNames.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetClipOrigin.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAutoRepeatOff.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocIndicatorMaps.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCCCOfColormap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFetchName.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ConnectionNumber.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddHost.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWindowAttributes.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomShape.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDeviceInfoChanges.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSelectionRequestEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetPointerControl.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeKeyboardMapping.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryBestTile.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetMap.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetIconSizes.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetSelectionOwner.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetNamedDeviceIndicator.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ScreenOfDisplay.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeClientMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/LastKnownRequestProcessed.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeDeviceInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetAutoRepeatRate.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillRectangles.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmDestroyDatabase.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XContextDependentDrawing.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClientMessageEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbComputeRowBounds.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultColormapOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ScreenNumberOfCCC.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOpenOM.3.gz        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetRGBColormaps.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeySyms.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawArc.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbModActionVMods.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckMaskEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRefreshKeyboardMapping.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultScreen.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConvertCase.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsFunctionKey.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGCValues.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeIndicators.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbResizeKeyType.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomOverlayKeys.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeyboardControl.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/RootWindowOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextListToTextProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateSimpleWindow.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/WidthOfScreen.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeColors.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyBehaviors.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInitImage.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLocaleOfIM.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomDoodad.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisableAccessControl.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillRectangle.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultGC.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapRaised.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClipBox.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8LookupString.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextPropertyToStringList.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayHeight.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetErrorDatabaseText.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLoadQueryFont.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSelectionClearEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbCopyKeyType.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocCompatMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetCommand.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcDrawImageString.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPutPixel.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNamedIndicator.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomRows.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabButton.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetAutoRepeatRate.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyNumSyms.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateSubwindowsDown.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnmapSubwindows.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcResetIC.3.gz     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapSubwindows.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFillRule.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetClipRectangles.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSubImage.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyboardByName.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListInstalledColormaps.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKillClient.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWarpPointer.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSupportsLocale.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnionRegion.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetVirtualMods.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/VendorRelease.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWMGeometry.3.gz    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsStoreColors.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLocaleOfFontSet.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetMotionEvents.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMColormapWindows.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEmptyRegion.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetTextProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClearWindow.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMotionEvent.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyAction.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeySymEntry.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawLine.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetICValues.3.gz   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetEventData.3.gz  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyVirtualModMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRemoveConnectionWatch.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbComputeShapeBounds.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawArcs.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsRGBi.3.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateFontCursor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetBounceKeysDelay.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsAllocColor.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeysymToModifiers.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateGC.3.gz      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetDetectableAutoRepeat.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetVisualInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/Compose.5.gz        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/XCompose.5.gz       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/sr_RS.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/sr_RS.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/sr_RS.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/el_GR.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/el_GR.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/el_GR.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_PT.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_PT.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_PT.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1256/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1256/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1256/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-7/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-7/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-7/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-c/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-c/Compose    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-c/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iscii-dev/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iscii-dev/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iscii-dev/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1255/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1255/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1255/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gbk/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gbk/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gbk/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.JIS/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.JIS/Compose    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.JIS/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja_JP.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja_JP.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja_JP.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.tcvn/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.tcvn/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.tcvn/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/isiri-3342/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/isiri-3342/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/isiri-3342/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-u/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-u/Compose    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-u/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/armscii-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/armscii-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/armscii-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-2/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-2/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-2/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.SJIS/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.SJIS/Compose   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.SJIS/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9e/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9e/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9e/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko_KR.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko_KR.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko_KR.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-5/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-5/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-5/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ibm-cp1133/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ibm-cp1133/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ibm-cp1133/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-13/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-13/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-13/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/locale.dir        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/km_KH.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/km_KH.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/km_KH.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-r/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-r/Compose    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-r/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-6/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-6/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-6/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/cs_CZ.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/cs_CZ.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/cs_CZ.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-15/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-15/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-15/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.big5/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.big5/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.big5/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1251/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1251/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1251/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-11/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-11/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-11/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_BR.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_BR.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_BR.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ru_RU.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ru_RU.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ru_RU.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-4/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-4/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-4/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-14/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-14/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-14/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/compose.dir       libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko/Compose        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/en_US.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/en_US.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/en_US.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH/XI18N_OBJS  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH/Compose     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH/XLC_LOCALE  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW/XI18N_OBJS  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW/Compose     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW/XLC_LOCALE  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-ps/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-ps/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-ps/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tatar-cyr/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tatar-cyr/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tatar-cyr/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/C/XI18N_OBJS      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/C/Compose         libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/C/XLC_LOCALE      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-1/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-1/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-1/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5hkscs/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5hkscs/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5hkscs/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/locale.alias      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-3/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-3/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-3/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/mulelao-1/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/mulelao-1/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/mulelao-1/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gb18030/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gb18030/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gb18030/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/fi_FI.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/fi_FI.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/fi_FI.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/am_ET.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/am_ET.UTF-8/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/am_ET.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tscii-0/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tscii-0/Compose   libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tscii-0/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN/XI18N_OBJS  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN/Compose     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN/XLC_LOCALE  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/nokhchi-1/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/nokhchi-1/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/nokhchi-1/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.viscii/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.viscii/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.viscii/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-10/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-10/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-10/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-academy/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-academy/Compose libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-academy/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja/Compose        libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/Xcms.txt                 libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/X11/XErrorDB                 libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libX11.so                      libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libX11-xcb.so                  libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libX11.so.6                    libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/x11-xcb.pc           libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/x11.pc               libx11
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXau.la                      libxau-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXau.a                       libxau-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/Xauth.h                libxau
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxau/LICENSE           libxau
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauGetAuthByAddr.3.gz libxau
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xau.3.gz            libxau
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauLockAuth.3.gz    libxau
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauGetBestAuthByAddr.3.gz libxau
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauDisposeAuth.3.gz libxau
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauReadAuth.3.gz    libxau
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauWriteAuth.3.gz   libxau
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauUnlockAuth.3.gz  libxau
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauFileName.3.gz    libxau
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXau.so                      libxau
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xau.pc               libxau
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-record.a                libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-present.a               libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-present.la              libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shape.a                 libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xf86dri.la              libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinput.la               libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinerama.a              libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri3.a                  libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xkb.la                  libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xvmc.la                 libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-res.la                  libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-screensaver.la          libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-randr.a                 libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-composite.la            libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-render.la               libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri2.la                 libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-glx.a                   libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinput.a                libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xfixes.la               libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xvmc.a                  libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb.a                       libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xf86dri.a               libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri2.a                  libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shm.a                   libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinerama.la             libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-sync.la                 libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-damage.a                libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xtest.la                libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xv.a                    libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb.la                      libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xv.la                   libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-render.a                libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-record.la               libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-screensaver.a           libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dpms.a                  libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shm.la                  libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-sync.a                  libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shape.la                libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xtest.a                 libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-damage.la               libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-glx.la                  libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-res.a                   libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri3.la                 libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-composite.a             libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xkb.a                   libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-randr.la                libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dpms.la                 libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xfixes.a                libxcb-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/bigreq.h               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xprint.h               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/render.h               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/res.h                  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xinerama.h             libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xtest.h                libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xf86dri.h              libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/screensaver.h          libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xselinux.h             libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xv.h                   libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xcbext.h               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/randr.h                libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/shape.h                libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/glx.h                  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xinput.h               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/ge.h                   libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/record.h               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/damage.h               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/dri2.h                 libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/sync.h                 libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xc_misc.h              libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/composite.h            libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/dpms.h                 libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xevie.h                libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xfixes.h               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/dri3.h                 libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xcb.h                  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/present.h              libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xvmc.h                 libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/shm.h                  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xkb.h                  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xcb/xproto.h               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxcb/tutorial/xcb.css  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxcb/tutorial/index.html libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxcb/LICENSE           libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_params_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_segment_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_add_traps.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_no_operation.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_property_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_await.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_extension_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_subpixels.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_set_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_sbc_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_extension_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_image_text_16_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb-examples.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_client_disconnect_mode_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_property_list_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_pad_1.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_reparent_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_change_alarm.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_crtcs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_output_primary_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_window_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_keymap_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_config_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_capable_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_solid_fill.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_classes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_attribs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_named_color_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_crtcs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_fence_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_free_lease_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_hierarchy.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_keyboard_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_named_indicator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_pointer_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_subpixels_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_add_output_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_msc.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_device_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_button_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_unredirect_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_colormap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_redirect_subwindows.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_keyboard.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_dashes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_screen_saver_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_image_resolution_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_set_client_info_arb_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_pixmap_bytes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_string_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_allow_device_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_end_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_compat_map_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_client_disconnect_mode_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_configure_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_devices_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path_path_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_surfaces_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_button.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_translate_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_keyboard_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_device_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_authenticate_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_controls_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_pixels_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_valid_values.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_atoms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_focus_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_graphics_exposure_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_raw_button_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_crtcs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_string_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_complete_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_direct_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_get_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_bitmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_video.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_context_current.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_glx_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_copy_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_lists_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_still_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_property_list_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_selection_use_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_grab_port.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_screen_saver_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_unset_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_msc_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_dashes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_client_message_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_changed_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_subpicture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_param_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_warp_pointer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_filter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_keycodes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_providers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_names_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_size_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_idle_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_back_clip_rects.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_auth_connection.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_union_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_config_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_params.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_rehash_printer_list_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path_path_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_new_list_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_maps_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_input_focus.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_pixels.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_keyboard_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_key_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_input_focus_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_pitches.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_lists_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_grab_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_configure_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_lists_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_selection_owner_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pad_3.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_trigger_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_selection_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_warp_pointer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_detach.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_priv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_colormap_and_free.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pad_4.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pixel_storef_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_send_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb-requests.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_uninstall_colormap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_group_rtrn_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_data_2_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_modifier_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_pixels_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_reset_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_authenticate_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_extension_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_feedback_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_extension.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_pointer_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_modes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_capabilities_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_panning.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_green_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_destroy_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_free_lease.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_attach_fd.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_screen_info_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_copy_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_fence.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_send_extension_event.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_font_path_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state_classes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_buffers_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_btn_actions_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_crtcs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_page.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_device_private_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_mapping_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_infos_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_client_disconnect_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_shm_put_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_clear_area_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_close_connection.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_transform.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_destroy_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_current_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_subwindows.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_colormap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_unredirect_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_ungrab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_atoms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_open.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_touch_begin_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_screen_saver.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_count.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_text_extents.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_linear_gradient.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_names.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_dont_propagate_list_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_initialize_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_video_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_kbd_by_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_atoms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_video_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_clients_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_await_fence.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_image_resolution.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_lookup_color_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_alignment_pad.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_rows_and_cols_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_focus_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_buffers_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_size_range_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_format_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_compare_cursor_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_cmaps.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_config.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_send_extension_event_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_change_alarm_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_set_drm_device_in_use_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_generic_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_buffers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_property_list_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_surfaces_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_modes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_translate_coordinates.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_video.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_best_size.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_destroy_drawable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_doc.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_this_classes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_region_extents.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_gc.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_button_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids_ids_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_keysyms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_transform.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_still_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_server_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_enabled_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_grab_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_device_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_focus_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_input_focus_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_valid_values_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_rehash_printer_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_destroy_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_buffers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_size_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_segment_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_window_modifiers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_classes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_select_extension_event.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_server.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_context_attribs_arb_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_redirect_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_trigger_fence.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_grab_port_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_key.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_keycodes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_range_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_large.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_subtract_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selection_clear_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selection_request_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_circulate_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_device_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_screen_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_drawable_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_values.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_job.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_state_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_use_extension_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_queries_arb_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_touch_ownership_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_button_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_controls_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_select_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_name_window_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_client_driver_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_hierarchy_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_params_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_offset_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_strides.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_rates_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_convert_selection_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_create_drawable_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_property_use_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_atoms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_delete_device_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pixel_storei.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_recolor_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_size_range_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_shm_put_image_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_per_client_flags.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_offsets.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_children.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ge_generic_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_property_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_close_connection_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_copy_region_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_names_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_screens_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_open_font.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_pointer_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_symbols_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_driver_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_counter_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_tri_fan_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_save_set.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_controls.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_keyboard_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_control_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_keysyms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_select_video_notify.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_cursor_image_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_possible_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_pointer_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pixel_storei_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_filter_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_fence.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_change_output_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_end_list_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_select_cursor_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_segment.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes_attributes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_create_region_from_border_clip.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_kill_client_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control_feedbacks_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_providers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_range_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_barrier_release_pointer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_end_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_select_selection_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_destroy_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_16_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_property_use_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_bitmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_valuators_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_pixmap_from_buffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_input_selected.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_text_8.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions_names_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_this_classes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_modifier_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_port_attribute_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_area.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_params_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_state_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_point.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_page_dimensions_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_glyphs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_enter_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_best_size_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_context_attribs_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_enabled.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_clones_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_set_port_attribute.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_gravity_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_send_event.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_monitor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_priv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_pointer_barrier_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_types.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_string_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_doc.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_segment.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_device_private_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_motion_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_attach_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_attribut_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_text_16.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_start_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_keymaps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_extension_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_direct_rendering_capable_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_provider_output_source_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_window_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_copy_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_port_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_offsets_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_get_priority.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_geometry_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_translate_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_surface.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_primary.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_union_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_radial_gradient_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_input_focus.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_wait_x.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_fake_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_select_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_extents_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_capability_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors_monitors_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_screen_info_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_gc.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_screen_of_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_modes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_buttons_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_filter_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_barrier_hit_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_alarm_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_current.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_create_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_disable_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_disable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_page_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffer_from_pixmap_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_map_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_modes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_extensions_string.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_clip_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_offsets_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_triangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_counter_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events_events_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_keymaps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_focus.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_events_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_select_port_notify.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_point_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_keycodes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_providers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_types_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_query_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_no_exposure_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_rectangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_all_classes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_provider_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_auth_connection_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_32_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_atoms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_outputs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_keyboard.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_destroy_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_pointer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_formats.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_screens_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_cursor_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_action_message_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_clip_rectangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_start.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_set_client_info_2arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_cursor_by_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_outputs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_picture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_map_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_store_colors.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_lease_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_msc_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_glyph_set.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_char_infos_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_counter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_fill_rectangle.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_panning_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_green.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_selection_owner.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_rectangles_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_extension_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_direct_rendering_capable_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_valuators_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_value.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_initialize_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_named_color_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_query_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_window_shape_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_red_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_destroy.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_fill_arc.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_set_client_info_2arb_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_aliases_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_masks_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_focus_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_tri_strip_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_release_overlay_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_solid_fill_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_subtract_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids_ids_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_texture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_blue.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_glyph_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_device_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_crtcs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_valid_values_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_combine_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_buffers_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_select_input_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_colors_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_button.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_modifier_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_delete_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_pixels.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_filters_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_colormap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_input_selected.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_free_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_key.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_page_dimensions_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes_sizes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_cursor_by_name_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_selection_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_compat_maps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_size_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_compare_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_char_infos.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_gamma.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_clients.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_clients_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_modes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_bell.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_pixmap_from_buffers_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_counter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_big_requests_enable_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_image_text_16.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_picture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_rectangles_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_mode_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_glyph_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_window_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_map_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_focus.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_allow_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_context_current_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_swap_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_pixmap_from_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_uninstall_colormap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_capabilities_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_surface_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_pointer_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_bus_id_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_put_document_data_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_ungrab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_kill_client.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_glx_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_key.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_direct.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_swap_buffers_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_active_pointer_grab_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_list_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_button.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_create_region_from_border_clip_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control_feedbacks_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_devices.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_modes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_configure_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_line.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_provider_offload_sink.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_size.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_extension_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_screen_saver.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_classes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_cursor_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_kbd_by_name_replies.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_show_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_property_items.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_close_font_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_doc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_clones_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_best_size_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_redirect_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_image_resolution_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_controls_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_glyph_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_best_size.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_sizes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_access_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_pbuffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_blue_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_configure_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_names_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_select_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_outputs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_unregister_clients.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_types_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_client_disconnect_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_convert_selection.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_server.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_window_modifiers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_force_screen_saver_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_cursor_image_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_counter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters_counters_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_anim_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_expose_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_open_font_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_info.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_new_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffer_from_pixmap_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_crtcs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_modes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_screen_of_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_colors.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_pbuffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_data_2.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_msc_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters_counters_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_cursor_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_device_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_count_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_register_clients.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_image_resolution_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_value_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_string_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_modifiers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors_monitors_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_ungrab_port.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_outputs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_delete_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_bell_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_indicator_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_clear_area.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_list_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_pixels_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_indicator_map_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_picture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_modes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings_info_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_mode_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_destroy_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_msc.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_monitor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_named_indicator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_wait_gl.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_get_overlay_window_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_map_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_change_provider_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_set_client_pointer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_input_focus_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_gc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_fill_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list_printers_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_tri_strip.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_outputs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_set_counter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_client_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties_properties_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_driver_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_masks_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fd_from_fence.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_outputs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_use_x_font.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_put_document_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_selection_owner_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_reference_glyph_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_gc_clip_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_fill_arc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_new_keyboard_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_modes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_buffer_swap_complete_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_get_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_all_classes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_outputs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_names_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_expand_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_char_infos_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_keyboard_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_stop_video_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_key_mapping_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_panning_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_infos_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_pointer_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_disable_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_input_selected_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_buffers_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_font_path.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_events_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_current_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_surfaces.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_fence_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_map_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_page_dimensions.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_btn_actions_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_transform_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_select_cursor_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_kbd_by_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_screen_of_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_keymaps_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_bell_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_primary_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_types_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_properties_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_named_indicator_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_input_selected_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_fill_rectangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_send_event_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_window_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_group_rtrn_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_page_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_show_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_crtcs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_conical_gradient.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_best_size_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_crtcs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_picture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_start_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_screen_change_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_32.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_image_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_get_image_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_send.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_state.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_set_focus_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_priv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors_info_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_si_rtrn_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_copy_region_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_create_drawable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device_infos_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_change_picture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings_info_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_ungrab_device_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_screen_saver_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_offset.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_lease_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_selection_owner.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_extensions_string_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_state_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_geometry.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_fake_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_names_value_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_sbc_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_change_drawable_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_subtract_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_priv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_pad_1.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_big_requests_enable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_feedback_buffer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_subtract.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_destroy_drawable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_sbc.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_types_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_warp_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_strides_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_name_window_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_compare_cursor_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_property_list_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_hosts_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_invert_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_alarm.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_client_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_subwindows.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_geometries_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_gc.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_port_attribute.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_extension_device_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections_selections_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_per_client_flags_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_value_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_configure_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_attributes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_force_screen_saver.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_keycodes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_enable_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_put_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_get_image_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_pixmap_from_buffer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_compat_maps_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_extension.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_select_port_notify_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_red_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_cursor_image_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_grab_port_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_primary_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_class_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_properties_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_names_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_atoms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_video_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_bus_id_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_formats_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_client_driver_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_named_indicator_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_offsets_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_cursor_image_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_kbd_by_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_fill_poly.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_formats_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_put_image.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_await_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_gc.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_debugging_flags.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_keyboard_mapping_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_value.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_initialize.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_large_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_hierarchy_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_invert_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_text_8_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_genericevent_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_add_traps_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_linear_gradient_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_pointer_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_map_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_end.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_compat_map_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_keyboard_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_configure_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_get_priority_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_image_text_8_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_change_counter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_priv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_names.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_property_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_delete_pointer_barrier.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fence_from_fd.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_lease.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_gc_clip_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_anim_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_finish_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_string.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_pitches_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_configure_request_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_colors_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_visibility_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_add_output_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_properties_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_back_clip_rects_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_rows_and_cols.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_hosts.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_subwindows.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_wait_x_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_get_overlay_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_region_extents_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_focus.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_trapezoids_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_redirect_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_get_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_select_video_notify_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_colors.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_close_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_selection_owner_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_completion_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_bell.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_close_down_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_param_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_new_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_auth_connection_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_fence.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_size.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_close_device_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_attribs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_notify_msc.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_reference_glyph_set.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_keymap_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_roots_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_maps.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_names.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_attribs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_raw_touch_begin_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_offsets.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_alarm_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_controls.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_16.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_pixmap_bytes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_config_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_error_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_set_priority_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_pitches_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_filters_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_gc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_intersect_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_names_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_map_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_device_private.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_property_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_presence_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_children_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_job.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_barrier_release_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_alarm.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_hide_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_buttons_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts_hosts_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_focus_in_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_get_priority_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_bus_id.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_is_active_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_priv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_msc_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_clip_rects_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_feedback_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_screen_modifiers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_unredirect_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_query_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_button.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events_events_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_gc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_job_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_alarm_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_create.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_reparent_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_value_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_rows_and_cols_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_change_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_pointer_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_gamma_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_picture_clip_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_capable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors_info_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_resize_request_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_use_extension.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_window_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_aliases.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_keymaps_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_outputs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_error.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_no_operation_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_types.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_extents_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_alarm_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_all_classes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_key_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_filter_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_key_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_named_indicator_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_panning_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_counter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_stop_video.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_capabilities.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_context_current_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_valid_values.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_plane.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_texture_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_params_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_attributes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_valuators.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_genericevent_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_glx_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_delete_device_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_genericevent_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_filter_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_warp_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_key_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_flush.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_modifier_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_image_resolution.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_count_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_copy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_lists.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_property_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_providers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_crtcs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_window_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_recolor_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_rates_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_modifiers_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_grab_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_pbuffer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_pointer_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_device_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_save_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_delete_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_finish_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_valid_values_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_grab_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_finish.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_mapping_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_blue_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_map_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_cursor_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_keysyms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_open_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_lookup_color.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_pixels_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_gc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_client_info_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_state.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_cursor_name_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_latch_lock_state.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_names_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_colormap_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_debugging_flags_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pixel_storef.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_priv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffer_from_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_this_classes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_change_drawable_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_use_x_font_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_big_requests_enable_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_set_port_attribute_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_state_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_8.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list_printers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_store_colors_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_fill_rectangle_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_focus_in_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_output_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_release_overlay_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_bell_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_configure_output_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_outputs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_window_modifiers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_drawable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_direct_rendering_capable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_select_extension_event_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_mask.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_grab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_allow_device_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_window_shape_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_outputs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_properties_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_atoms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_input_selected_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_flush_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_buttons.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_crtcs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_is_active.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_attribs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_textures_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_sizes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_possible_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_output_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_force_level.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_client_pointer_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_subpicture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_set_client_info_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_config.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_set_timeouts_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fence_from_fd_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_roots_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_client_pointer_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device_infos_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_glyph_set.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_gc.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events_masks_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_unregister_clients_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_counter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context_intercepted_clients_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_capability.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_pointer_barrier.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_authenticate.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_controls_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_picture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_set_counter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_register_clients_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_ids.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_providers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state_classes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_button_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_latch_lock_state_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_allow_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_types_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_bell_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_outputs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_close_down_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_values_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_select_selection_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_clip_rectangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_set_timeouts.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_page.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_new_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_range.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_map_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_screen_modifiers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_fill_poly_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_key_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_button_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_add_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_intern_atom.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_pointer_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_client_driver_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_server_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_glyphs_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_modifiers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_focus_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_await_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_timeouts_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_rectangle.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_access_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_redirect_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_names.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_intersect_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_cmaps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_size_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_enter_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_keysyms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_8_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_output_primary.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_sizes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_text_16_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_size_range.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_gesture_swipe_begin_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_timeouts.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_keymap_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fd_from_fence_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_size.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_copy_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_size_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_request_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_types_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_key.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_per_client_flags_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_rectangles_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_crtcs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_mode_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_ungrab_port_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_circulate_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_save_set.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_colormap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_clip_rects.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_offsets_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_state_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_property_items.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_indicator_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_send_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_keysyms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_ids_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_glyph_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_leds_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_add_glyphs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_set_focus.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_client_disconnect_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_valuator_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts_hosts_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_si_rtrn_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_suspend.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_trapezoids.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_button_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_lookup_color_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_masks.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_ungrab_device_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_close_font.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_output_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_bell.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_alignment_pad_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pbuffer_clobber_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_get_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_doc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_monitor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_queries_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_use_extension_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_change_picture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_destroy_drawable_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_unredirect_subwindows.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_keymaps.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_intern_atom_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_intern_atom_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_button_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_delete_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_group_rtrn.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_circulate_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_filter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_class_info_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_textures.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_set_priority.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_gc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_text_extents_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_translate_coordinates_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_destroy_drawable_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_force_level_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_rectangle_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_still.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_modifier_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_si_rtrn.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_reset_fence.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_timeouts_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_btn_actions.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_install_colormap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_aliases_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_transform_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_cmaps_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_device_info_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_config_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_property_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_configure_provider_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_outputs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_maps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_atoms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_enabled_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_panning.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_params.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties_properties_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_detach_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_selection_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_install_colormap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_param.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_clip_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_keysyms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_raw_key_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_active_pointer_grab.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_destroy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_allow_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_set_client_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_image_resolution_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_filter_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_plane_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_add.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes_sizes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_monitor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_attribs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_key_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_strides_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_unset_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_is_active_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_button_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_device_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_mode_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selection_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_values_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_back_clip_rects_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_open_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_pointer_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_green_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_attach_fd_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_keyboard_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_properties_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_attribs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_change_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_access_x_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_set_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_names_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_feedback_buffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_tri_fan.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_segment_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_panning_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_key_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_provider_output_source.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_children_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_destroy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_select_buffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_valid_values_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_red.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_window_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_pbuffer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_radial_gradient.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_string.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_expand_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_roots.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_change_counter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_arc.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_put_image_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_end_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_filter_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_clip_rects_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_free_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_capability_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_state.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_atoms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes_attributes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_enable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_mask_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_still.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_area_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_dont_propagate_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_text_extents_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_capable_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_invalidate_buffers_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_suspend_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_keymap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_set_drm_device_in_use.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_subpixels_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_put_image_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_port_attribute_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_delete_pointer_barrier_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_select_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_format_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_rotate_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_extensions_string_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_allow_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_data_2_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_key_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_pad_1.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_driver_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_keyboard_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_rectangles_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_possible.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_indicator_map_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_buffer_swap_complete_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_pointer_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_state_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events_masks_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_button_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fd_from_fence_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_lists.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_texture_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_colormap_and_free_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_arc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_get_overlay_window_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_select_input_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_gesture_pinch_begin_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_error_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_colors_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_atoms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_geometries_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_crtcs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_atoms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_geometry_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_picture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections_selections_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_key_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_compat_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_ids_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_counter_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_devices_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_job_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_translate_coordinates_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_selection_use_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_line_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_reparent_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_alarm.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_pixmap_bytes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_symbols_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_leds_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_triangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_image_text_8.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_wait_gl_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_pad_1.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_extents.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_modifier_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_glx_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_class_info_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_extension_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_attach.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_buffers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_picture_clip_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_direct_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_save_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context_intercepted_clients_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_providers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_interval.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_clones.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_debugging_flags_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_property_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_destroy_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_combine.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_notify_msc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_button_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_select_buffer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_named_color.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_input_selected_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_keycodes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_rotate_properties_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_store_named_color_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_buffers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_disable_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_alignment_pad_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_add_glyphs_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_alarm_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_interval_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_priv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_atoms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_hide_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_store_named_color.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_keyboard_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_screen_modifiers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_format.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_drawable_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_properties_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_value_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_conical_gradient_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_best_size_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_provider_offload_sink_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_priv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xkb.so                  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinput.so               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-screensaver.so          libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xvmc.so                 libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-randr.so                libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-composite.so            libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shm.so                  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xv.so                   libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri3.so                 libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xtest.so                libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-record.so               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dpms.so                 libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-sync.so                 libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-damage.so               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xf86dri.so              libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-res.so                  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-render.so               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shape.so                libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb.so                      libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-present.so              libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-present.pc       libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xf86dri.pc       libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xinput.pc        libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-damage.pc        libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xv.pc            libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb.pc               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-dpms.pc          libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-screensaver.pc   libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-sync.pc          libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-shape.pc         libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-render.pc        libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xfixes.pc        libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-randr.pc         libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-dri2.pc          libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xtest.pc         libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xkb.pc           libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-composite.pc     libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-dri3.pc          libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-record.pc        libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-res.pc           libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xinerama.pc      libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-shm.pc           libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-glx.pc           libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xvmc.pc          libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinerama.so             libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-glx.so                  libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xfixes.so               libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri2.so                 libxcb
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXdmcp.a                     libxdmcp-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXdmcp.la                    libxdmcp-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/Xdmcp.h                libxdmcp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libXdmcp/xdmcp.xml       libxdmcp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxdmcp/LICENSE         libxdmcp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXdmcp.so                    libxdmcp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xdmcp.pc             libxdmcp
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXext.a                      libxext-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXext.la                     libxext-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xcup.h      libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xag.h       libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XEVI.h      libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/shape.h     libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/multibuf.h  libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XLbx.h      libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/sync.h      libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xdbe.h      libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xge.h       libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/security.h  libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/dpms.h      libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/extutil.h   libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XShm.h      libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtestext1.h libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xext.h      libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/MITMisc.h   libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxext/COPYING          libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/shapelib.xml     libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/synclib.xml      libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/dbelib.xml       libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/dpmslib.xml      libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/xtest1.xml       libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xmbuf.3.gz          libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeQueryExtension.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmGetEventBase.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcupStoreColors.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeQueryExtents.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeEndIdiom.3.gz   libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmQueryVersion.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSSetTimeouts.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeInputSelected.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeCombineRegion.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSEnable.3.gz     libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeBeginIdiom.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcupQueryVersion.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSDisable.3.gz    libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmQueryExtension.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSCapable.3.gz    libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmCreateImage.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufCreateStereoWindow.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufGetScreenInfo.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XeviQueryExtension.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeOffsetShape.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSQueryExtension.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmAttach.3.gz     libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeCombineShape.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShm.3.gz           libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmPutImage.3.gz   libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeCombineRectangles.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSGetVersion.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeQueryVersion.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeGetRectangles.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeDeallocateBackBufferName.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeSwapBuffers.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XeviGetVisualInfo.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeSelectInput.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeAllocateBackBufferName.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufChangeBufferAttributes.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeQueryExtension.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBE.3.gz            libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XeviQueryVersion.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xevi.3.gz           libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufCreateBuffers.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeGetBackBufferAttributes.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmDetach.3.gz     libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmPixmapFormat.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShape.3.gz         libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmCreatePixmap.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeFreeVisualInfo.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufGetWindowAttributes.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSGetTimeouts.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeCombineMask.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufChangeWindowAttributes.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufGetVersion.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufDisplayBuffers.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSForceLevel.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufQueryExtension.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcupGetReservedColormapEntries.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufDestroyBuffers.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSInfo.3.gz       libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufGetBufferAttributes.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeGetVisualInfo.3.gz libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmGetImage.3.gz   libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXext.so                     libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xext.pc              libxext
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXft.a                       libxft-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXft.la                      libxft-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/Xft/XftCompat.h        libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/Xft/Xft.h              libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxft/COPYING           libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawSetClip.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender16LE.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDefaultSet.3.gz  libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtents32.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawString16.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender8.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpen.3.gz    libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontLoadGlyphs.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawGlyphFontSpec.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftCharExists.3.gz  libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftCharIndex.3.gz   libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawGlyphSpec.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawGlyphs.3.gz  libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender32LE.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCreateAlpha.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontMatch.3.gz   libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCharFontSpec.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawVisual.3.gz  libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftXlfdParse.3.gz   libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftColorFree.3.gz   libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCreate.3.gz  libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftInitFtLibrary.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGlyphFontSpecRender.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtents8.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpenPattern.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawString32.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender32BE.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftCharSpecRender.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontInfoDestroy.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawSetClipRectangles.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftCharFontSpecRender.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpenXlfd.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawDestroy.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontInfoHash.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGlyphSpecRender.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontInfoCreate.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDefaultSubstitute.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtentsUtf16.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawSrcPicture.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGetVersion.3.gz  libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftListFonts.3.gz   libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender32.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawColormap.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawStringUtf16.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRenderUtf16.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawDrawable.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGlyphExtents.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawDisplay.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtentsUtf8.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftInit.3.gz        libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawSetSubwindowMode.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawRect.3.gz    libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftLockFace.3.gz    libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftColorAllocName.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontClose.3.gz   libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender16BE.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawChange.3.gz  libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawPicture.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontInfoEqual.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCreateBitmap.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpenInfo.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawString8.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDefaultHasRender.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpenName.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xft.3.gz            libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCharSpec.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftNameParse.3.gz   libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontCheckGlyph.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftColorAllocValue.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawStringUtf8.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender16.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftNameUnparse.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontUnloadGlyphs.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtents16.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRenderUtf8.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontCopy.3.gz    libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftUnlockFace.3.gz  libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGlyphRender.3.gz libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXft.so                      libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xft.pc               libxft
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/libxml2mod.la libxml2-python-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/libxml2mod.a libxml2-python-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/TODO      libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/readernext.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader2.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader5.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/push.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/xpath.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/thread2.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/resolver.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/relaxng.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/compareNodes.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/tstURI.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/validRNG.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/cutnpaste.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/xpathleak.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/outbuf.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/tst.xml libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/xpathns.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/build.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/xpathret.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader6.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/tstxpath.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/sync.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/error.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/valid.xml libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/nsdel.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/validDTD.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/regexp.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader3.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/tst.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/dtdvalid.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/schema.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/test.dtd libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/tstmem.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/input_callback.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/validate.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader8.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/xpathext.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/invalid.xml libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader4.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/indexes.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/attribs.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/serialize.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/pushSAXhtml.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/tstLastError.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/validSchemas.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/walker.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/ctxterror.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader7.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/inbuf.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/pushSAX.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/readererr.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/libxml2.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/__pycache__/drv_libxml2.cpython-311.pyc libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/__pycache__/drv_libxml2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/__pycache__/libxml2.cpython-311.pyc libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/__pycache__/libxml2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/libxml2mod.so libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/drv_libxml2.py libxml2-python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxml2.a                      libxml2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxml2.la                     libxml2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xmllint                        libxml2-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xmlcatalog                     libxml2-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xmlcatalog.1.gz     libxml2-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xmllint.1.gz        libxml2-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/globals.h   libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlunicode.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/c14n.h      libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/threads.h   libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlsave.h   libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xpathInternals.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/parserInternals.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xinclude.h  libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/chvalid.h   libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/valid.h     libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/tree.h      libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/parser.h    libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/dict.h      libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xlink.h     libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlexports.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlstring.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlmodule.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/pattern.h   libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/SAX2.h      libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/SAX.h       libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/entities.h  libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlautomata.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/debugXML.h  libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/relaxng.h   libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlreader.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/list.h      libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/nanoftp.h   libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/schematron.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/encoding.h  libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlregexp.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlschemas.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlschemastypes.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xpath.h     libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlversion.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/hash.h      libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlwriter.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/catalog.h   libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/nanohttp.h  libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/schemasInternals.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlIO.h     libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlerror.h  libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlmemory.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/HTMLparser.h libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/HTMLtree.h  libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xpointer.h  libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/uri.h       libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xml2-config                    libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/libxml.m4            libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/xmlcatalog.html  libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/api.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/includeaddkeyword.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/apf.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s04.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/apa.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s06.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/includekeyword.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/includeconvert.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/includeaddattribute.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/apb.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ape.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/aph.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/includexpath.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/apc.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s03.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s08.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s02.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/index.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/5.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/9.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/3.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/2.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/7.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/6.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/10.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/4.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/8.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/1.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/tip.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/toc-plus.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/draft.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/home.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/toc-minus.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/toc-blank.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/caution.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/prev.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/warning.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/important.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/note.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/up.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/next.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/blank.png libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s05.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s07.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/apd.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s09.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/includegetattribute.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ix01.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/apg.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/xmllint.html     libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/tree2.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/parse3.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/xmllint.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/reader3.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/parse4.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/parse1.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/xpath2.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/reader4.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/reader2.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/testWriter.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/reader1.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/tree1.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/xpath1.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/parse2.c libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/index.html libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/io1.c   libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/io2.c   libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/LICENSE          libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xml2-config.1.gz    libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxml2.so                     libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/libxml2/libxml2-config.cmake libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libxml-2.0.pc        libxml2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXrender.la                  libxrender-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXrender.a                   libxrender-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xrender.h   libxrender
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxrender/LICENSE       libxrender
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libXrender/libXrender.txt libxrender
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xrender.pc           libxrender
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXrender.so                  libxrender
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libexslt.a                     libxslt-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxslt.a                      libxslt-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libexslt.la                    libxslt-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxslt.la                     libxslt-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/imports.h          libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/functions.h        libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/extra.h            libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/xsltconfig.h       libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/documents.h        libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/attributes.h       libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/pattern.h          libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/xsltexports.h      libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/transform.h        libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/templates.h        libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/namespaces.h       libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/xsltutils.h        libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/security.h         libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/extensions.h       libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/preproc.h          libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/xslt.h             libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/xsltlocale.h       libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/xsltInternals.h    libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/variables.h        libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/numbersInternals.h libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libxslt/keys.h             libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libexslt/exsltexports.h    libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libexslt/exslt.h           libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/libexslt/exsltconfig.h     libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xslt-config                    libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/aclocal/libxslt.m4           libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/libxslt_tutorial.c libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/5.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/9.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/3.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/2.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/7.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/6.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/10.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/4.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/8.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/1.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/libxslttutorial.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/xsltproc.html    libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial2/libxslt_pipes.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial2/libxslt_pipes.c libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/LICENSE          libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/LICENSE.1        libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-xsltInternals.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-keys.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-xsltexports.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-xsltlocale.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-variables.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-xslt.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-transform.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-extra.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-functions.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-attributes.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-templates.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/style.css libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/home.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-extensions.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-xsltutils.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-preproc.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-pattern.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-imports.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-security.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/left.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/index.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-namespaces.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-documents.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt.devhelp2 libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/right.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/up.png  libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/general.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-numbersInternals.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/libexslt.devhelp2 libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/style.css libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/home.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/left.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/index.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/libexslt-exslt.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/right.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/up.png libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/general.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/libexslt-exsltexports.html libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libexslt.3.gz       libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libxslt.3.gz        libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxslt.so                     libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/xsltConf.sh                    libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libexslt.so                    libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/libxslt/libxslt-config.cmake libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/cmake/libxslt/FindGcrypt.cmake libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libxslt.pc           libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libexslt.pc          libxslt
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXss.la                      libxss-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXss.a                       libxss-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/scrnsaver.h libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/libxss/LICENSE           libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverSelectInput.3.gz libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverUnsetAttributes.3.gz libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverQueryExtension.3.gz libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverAllocInfo.3.gz libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverUnregister.3.gz libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverRegister.3.gz libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverGetRegistered.3.gz libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverSuspend.3.gz libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xss.3.gz            libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverQueryInfo.3.gz libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverQueryVersion.3.gz libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverSetAttributes.3.gz libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libXss.so                      libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xscrnsaver.pc        libxss
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lsof                           lsof
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/lsof/license.txt         lsof
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/lsof.8.gz           lsof
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lz4cat                         lz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lz4                            lz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unlz4                          lz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lz4c                           lz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lz4.1.gz            lz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/unlz4.1.gz          lz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lz4cat.1.gz         lz4
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/gnumake.h                  make
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/make                           make
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/make/LICENSE             make
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/make.info               make
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/make.info-2             make
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/make.info-1             make
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/make.info-3             make
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/make.1.gz           make
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/umount                         mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fstrim                         mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/findmnt                        mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/swapoff                        mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/swapon                         mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mount                          mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lslocks                        mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/umount mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fstrim mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/findmnt mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/swapoff mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/swapon mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mount mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lslocks mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/swapoff.8.gz        mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/swapon.8.gz         mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/fstrim.8.gz         mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/lslocks.8.gz        mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/mount.8.gz          mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/umount.8.gz         mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/findmnt.8.gz        mount-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libncurses.a                   ncurses-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtic.a                       ncurses-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.a                     ncurses-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcurses.a                    ncurses-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.a                   ncurses-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.a                  ncurses-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpanel.a                     ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libform.a                      ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmenu.a                      ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libformw.a                     ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.a                     ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.a                    ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libformw.so                    ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpanel.so                    ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.so.6                  ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmenu.so.6.4                 ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpanel.so.6                  ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmenu.so.6                   ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libformw.so.6.4                ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.so.6.4                ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmenu.so                     ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libformw.so.6                  ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libform.so                     ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.so                   ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.so.6.4               ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.so.6                 ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpanel.so.6.4                ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/panel.pc             ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/menu.pc              ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/menuw.pc             ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/formw.pc             ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/form.pc              ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/panelw.pc            ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libform.so.6.4                 ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libform.so.6                   ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.so                    ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/infocmp                        ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/toe                            ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/captoinfo                      ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tic                            ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tput                           ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/infotocap                      ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tabs                           ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tabs.1.gz           ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/captoinfo.1.gz      ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tic.1.gz            ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/infocmp.1.gz        ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/toe.1.gz            ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tput.1.gz           ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/infotocap.1.gz      ncurses-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/term_entry.h               ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/menu.h                     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncursesw/term_entry.h      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncursesw/menu.h            ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncursesw/tic.h             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncursesw/form.h            ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncursesw/ncurses.h         ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncursesw/unctrl.h          ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncursesw/panel.h           ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncursesw/termcap.h         ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncursesw/term.h            ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncursesw/ncurses_dll.h     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncursesw/curses.h          ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncursesw/eti.h             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncursesw/nc_tparm.h        ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tic.h                      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/form.h                     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses.h                  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unctrl.h                   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/panel.h                    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/termcap.h                  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/term.h                     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses_dll.h              ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/curses.h                   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/eti.h                      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/nc_tparm.h                 ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses/term_entry.h       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses/menu.h             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses/tic.h              ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses/form.h             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses/ncurses.h          ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses/unctrl.h           ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses/panel.h            ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses/termcap.h          ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses/term.h             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses/ncurses_dll.h      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses/curses.h           ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses/eti.h              ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ncurses/nc_tparm.h         ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tset                           ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ncursesw6-config               ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/clear                          ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/reset                          ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/tabset/vt300                 ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/tabset/vt100                 ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/tabset/std                   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/tabset/stdcrt                ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/ncurses/LICENSE          ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/st                ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/screen2           ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/screen-256color   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/st-256color       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/screen            ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt-unicode-256color ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt              ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt-256color     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt-unicode      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/p/putty-256color    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/p/putty             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/d/dumb              ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/d/dtterm            ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/l/linux             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/n/nsterm            ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/e/eterm-color       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-16color     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-color       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-new         ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-termite     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm+256color    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-kitty       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-256color    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/v/vt100             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/v/vt52              ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/v/vt102             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/k/kitty             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/k/kitty+common      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/k/kitty-direct      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/g/gnome-256color    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/g/gnome             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/t/tmux-256color     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/t/tmux              ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/ansi              ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/alacritty         ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/alacritty+common  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/alacritty-direct  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinnwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ospeed.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_wintouched.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vid_puts.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vwprintw.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvcur.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_fields.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/win.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/putp_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_INTEGER.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/boolcodes.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_init_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vidputs.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvscanw.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_field_attributes.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_current.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_menu.3menu.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_validation.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/overwrite.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracechtype2.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_tabsize.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wget_wstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_count.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/post_menu.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/winwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_term.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/border_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvadd_wchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_type.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvchgat.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_name.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/dynamic_field_info.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetflag.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/nodelay.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_opts_on.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_tioctl.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/termname.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_arg.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ESCDELAY.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/flash_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/touchwin.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wstandout.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/beep_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pair_content.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_term_resized.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/killchar.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/resetty.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/instr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_on.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/add_wchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgrnd.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mousemask.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwhline_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/initscr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_form.3form.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/innwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/window.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/find_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curs_threads.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/box_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwget_wstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvderwin.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/current_item.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/intrflush.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wbkgrnd.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wins_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pad.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_color.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetn_wstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwgetnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/print.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_status.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/erasewchar.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_clear.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/in_wchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/echochar.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/unget_wch_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/innstr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/keyok_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/opts.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/assume_default_colors_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/copywin.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attrset_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_field.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_count.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/addnwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwins_wstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/hline_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/immedok.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsertln.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_hook.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_sub.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_traceattr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_back.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetflag_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvins_nwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/addwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_curterm.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_above.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/inopts.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvgetnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_sub.3form.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/erasechar_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/termname_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_init.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_set_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wchgat.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/trace.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_il_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_IPV4.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/typeahead.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/noecho_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracemouse.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wenclose.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsdelln.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwadd_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_keypad.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wresize.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vw_printw.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/unpost_menu.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wdelch.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetnum.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_nc_tracebits.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_off.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_pattern.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/winch.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wcursyncup.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_color_pairs.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/driver.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_init.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracedump.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_key_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvgetn_wstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/terminfo_variables.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/deleteln.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/nofilter_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wechochar.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/addchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_NUMERIC.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/insdelln.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_touch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/noqiflush_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_il.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_curterm_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_fore.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmouse_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_userptr.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwprintw.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/doupdate_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvhline_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/stdscr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_term.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_term.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wmouse_trafo.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwgetn_wstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_fields.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_opts_off.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wborder_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mouse_trafo.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/addnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pechochar.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ungetch_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/keyname.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vw_scanw.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracef.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/addstr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/derwin.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_hidden.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_nc_free_and_exit.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_format.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_index.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_spacing.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_default_colors_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/setscrreg.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TABSIZE.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbegx.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/box.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_userptr.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_init.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/untouchwin.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwhline.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/clearok.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/typeahead_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattrset.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ground_panel.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/can_change_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/meta.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_max_field.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_opts.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinsstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/post.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/border.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/delay_output_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/cursor.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tiparm.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curs_sp_funcs.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwin.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/top_panel.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/savetty_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mouseinterval_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_userptr.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_set_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_fore.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wsyncdown.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_visible.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/winchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_pad.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvdelch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/noecho.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracecchar_t2.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbkgd.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_userptr.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_index.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/win_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/putp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pos_form_cursor.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_pattern.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_name.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curs_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_pad.3menu.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_info.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/noraw_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_prog_mode.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwvline.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getcchar.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetent.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/cbreak_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ungetmouse_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/raw.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/endwin_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tparm_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattron.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wscanw.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/restartterm.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_just.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_notimeout.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel.3curses.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curses_version.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_page.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/resize_term.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/term_attrs_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/default_colors.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_colors.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/util.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wbkgdset.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_status.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/data_behind.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_menu.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_pair.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_panel.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/kernel.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_win.3form.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_tabsize_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_value.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_opts_off.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/newwin.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attrset.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_term.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/start_color.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/raw_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/win.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_clear_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_screen.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_field.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_item.3menu.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/strfnames.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_mark.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getattrs.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinsstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_linetouched.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curses_variables.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/napms_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/halfdelay_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_cleared.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/inch.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/killwchar_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ins_wstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattr_get.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/unfocus_current_field.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvadd_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_wset.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_shell_mode.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/exit_curses.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/current_field.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/color_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/addchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_label.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/find_pair.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/winstr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvins_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/hide_panel.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvadd_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/insstr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/isendwin_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/erase.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/update_panels.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_below.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_opts_on.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/dupwin.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/scrollok.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_visible.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/UP.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/nl_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/inchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvget_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mcprint.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_on.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/doupdate.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_color_content_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wclrtoeol.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/keybound.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wins_wstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attroff_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_page.3form.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_win.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattr_off.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwadd_wchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wecho_wchar.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_mouse.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattr_on.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_opts_off.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_ENUM.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mark.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/cursor.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/delscreen.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curs_set_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvin_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/chgat.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgrndset.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_init.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvvline.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_shell_mode_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wmove.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/timeout.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/scale_form.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/new.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/nl.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsch.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/def_shell_mode_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwin_wchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgoto.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/subpad.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_nc_freeall.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_opts.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/top_row.3menu.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getcury.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/outopts.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/newterm.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/term_attrs.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/driver.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgd.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/delwin.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getn_wstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_init.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/start_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_PAIR.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_pair.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_leaveok.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/attroff.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wbkgrndset.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_restore.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/alloc_pair.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_PAIRS.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_env.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/key_name.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_window.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_escdelay.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_init.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_sub.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ripoffline_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddnwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_traceattr2.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/exit_terminfo.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ncurses.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_prog_mode_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wbkgd.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/longname_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetscrreg.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wborder.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_legacy_coding_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_back.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_just.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/addch.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_init_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinch.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getparyx.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_prescr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwvline_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ripoffline.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/post.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_color_pairs_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/clrtobot.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wredrawln.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getyx.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_label_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vid_attr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/whline.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/numfnames.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curs_legacy.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_field_validation.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_refresh.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_opts.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_REGEXP.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/color_content_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ins_nwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_fore.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/PC.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getwin.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_mark.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_idlok.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_new.3menu.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/fieldtype.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_opts_on.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_opts_on.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/erasechar.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/flushinp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_pad.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ceiling_panel.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_menu_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/killchar_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/restartterm_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/color.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_pad.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/opts.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_tioctl_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_items.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_ALPHA.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/isendwin.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetstr_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_pair_content.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/page.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwins_nwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/subwin.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getcurx.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/halfdelay.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wprintw.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/flushinp_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/clrtoeol.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_top_row.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwscanw.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/nofilter.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/inwstr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_ic_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getstr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wadd_wchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/numnames.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/assume_default_colors.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_term.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_pad.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/echo_wchar.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vid_attr_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_fieldtype_arg.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_immedok.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_variables.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/beep.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mitem_visible.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_extended_names.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_back.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/strcodes.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/echo_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_field_buffer.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/replace_panel.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wget_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SP.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_nc_free_tinfo.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ceiling_panel.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_env_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattroff.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pattern.3menu.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wtimeout.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wdeleteln.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/def_prog_mode_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/win_wchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_extended_color.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_request_by_name.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_init.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/attron.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_restore.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmaxx.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wadd_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmouse.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/setsyx.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvget_wstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_term.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_userptr.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvprintw.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_userptr.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/unctrl.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/move.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vid_puts_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vwscanw.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/userptr.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/baudrate_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/noqiflush.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wnoutrefresh.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/color_content.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_ic.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/def_shell_mode.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_panel_userptr.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_opts.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wsetscrreg.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_sub.3menu.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/scrl.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/scale_menu.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/items.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_field.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/move_field.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wunctrl_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/killwchar.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/setcchar.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_escdelay_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwdelch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getparx.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_opts_off.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracechtype.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/qiflush_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_items.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/del_curterm_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvin_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/hook.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/prefresh.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/whline_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ungetch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmaxy.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wrefresh.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/requestname.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_term.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_pair.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_pair_content_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/add_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/define_key_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/newscr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/newwin_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinsch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/standend.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_opts.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_fore.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/spacing.3menu.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mcprint_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/unget_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_restore_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_request_by_name.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_new.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_new_page.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_escdelay.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ground_panel.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_extended_pair.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_value.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_init.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tputs.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/attrset.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattr_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attron_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tparm.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_scrollok.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_request_name.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_ALNUM.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getsyx.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_userptr.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_form.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/resetty_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wadd_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vline.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddnwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/extensions.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/strnames.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwchgat.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetdelay.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/unctrl_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_grey.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attron.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_slk_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_nodelay.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mouse.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_grey.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_driver_w.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_driver.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwgetch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_default_colors.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddnwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_fieldtype.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvcur_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetnum_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pos_menu_cursor.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/delch.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/nocbreak_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/new.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/redrawwin.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/termattrs_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_userptr.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_mouse_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_current_field.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_hook.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idcok.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetbkgrnd.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_set_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/boolfnames.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curscr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_fieldtype_choice.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/napms.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_opts.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgdset.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mitem_current.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_back.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/noraw.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_type.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tputs_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_extended_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvhline.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_touch_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wvline.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/resizeterm.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/touch.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wcolor_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/bottom_panel.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/qiflush.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_window.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetch.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/winnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetflag_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ttytype.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_escdelay_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_opts.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/cur_term.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_color.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_current_item.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/opaque.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/standout.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetstr_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pnoutrefresh.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinsnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_noutrefresh_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getch.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/intrflush_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwin_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/leaveok.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wclrtobot.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/delay_output.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwgetstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/scroll.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/overlay.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/newpad_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wclear.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attroff.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/update_panels_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_dump.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_spacing.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/inchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_fieldtype.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/key_defined_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/memleaks.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/keybound_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_term.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_off.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/key_defined.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbegy.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/legacy.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/sp_funcs.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mousemask_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/winnwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/nonl_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/def_prog_mode.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwadd_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/link_fieldtype.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/format.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinsnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_idcok.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/filter_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvins_wstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/in_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_request_name.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/endwin.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/keypad.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_term.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinnwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/LINES.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracecchar_t.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetent_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/echo.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/longname.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvgetstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_colors_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/resize_term_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/legacy_coding.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/nocbreak.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/baudrate.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/data_ahead.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_refresh_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_color_content.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_restore_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/userptr.3menu.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddch.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vline_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_syncok.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/newterm_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracechar.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwin_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_value.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_win.3menu.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_opts.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/hook.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mouseinterval.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wsyncup.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wvline_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vidputs_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/can_change_color.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pecho_wchar.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_noutrefresh.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetparent.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/unpost_form.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/PAIR_NUMBER.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/nonl.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getpary.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/resizeterm_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wtouchln.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_init.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_attributes.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/putwin.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_userptr.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/alloc_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwins_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_form_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvin_wchstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/syncok.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/keyok.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wins_nwstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wunctrl.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/idlok.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/terminfo.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/numcodes.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/termattrs.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/termcap.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_term_resized_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvgetch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/printw.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/touchline.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/add_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/werase.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vidattr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_slk_color.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/curses_trace.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ungetmouse.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_key.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/filter.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/BC.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wscrl.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_legacy_coding.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_buffer.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_win.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbegyx.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/setupterm.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pair_content_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/requestname.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/hline.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvvline_set.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/data.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/erasewchar_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/show_panel.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/insertln.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetflag.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ins_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/win_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetnum_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/in_wch.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLS.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/attributes.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_wstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_description.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/refresh.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/winchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/del_curterm.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_get.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/insch.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/define_key.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_item.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_page.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/post_form.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/clear.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/cbreak.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/wstandend.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/savetty.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_extended_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_format.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/dup_field.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/notimeout.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/flash.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getwin_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_driver.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_buffer.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbkgrnd.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_fieldtype.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/threads.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinsch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/keyname_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmaxyx.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/boolnames.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLORS.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgoto_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vidattr_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/acs_map.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_subwin.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/newpad.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/del_panel.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/move_panel.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_init.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/insnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetnum.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwget_wch.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/link_field.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/scanw.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tset.1.gz           ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/reset.1.gz          ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ncursesw6-config.1.gz ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/clear.1.gz          ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtic.so.6.4                  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.so.6.4             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libncurses.so.6.4              ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.so.6                  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtic.so.6                    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcurses.so                   ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.so.6               ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.so                  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcurses.so.6.4               ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.so.6.4                ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtic.so                      ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libncurses.so.6                ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcurses.so.6                 ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.so                    ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/terminfo                       ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.so.6                ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.so.6.4              ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ncurses.pc           ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tinfo.pc             ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ncursesw.pc          ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tic.pc               ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/termcap.pc           ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/curses.pc            ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.so                 ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libncurses.so                  ncurses
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mii-tool                       net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ifconfig                       net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/route                          net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/netstat                        net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/iptunnel                       net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/rarp                           net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/arp                            net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ipmaddr                        net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/plipconfig                     net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/nameif                         net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/slattach                       net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/net-tools/LICENSE        net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/plipconfig.8.gz     net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/arp.8.gz            net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/ipmaddr.8.gz        net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/route.8.gz          net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/netstat.8.gz        net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/slattach.8.gz       net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/rarp.8.gz           net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/ifconfig.8.gz       net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/nameif.8.gz         net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/iptunnel.8.gz       net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/mii-tool.8.gz       net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/ethers.5.gz         net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/domainname.1.gz     net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ypdomainname.1.gz   net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/nisdomainname.1.gz  net-tools
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/nettle-lfib-stream             nettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sexp-conv                      nettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pkcs1-conv                     nettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/nettle-hash                    nettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/nettle-pbkdf2                  nettle
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-maybe.h            nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-callbacks.h        nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-embedder-heap.h    nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-internal.h         nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/js_native_api_types.h nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8config.h            nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-template.h         nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/node_version.h        nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-regexp.h           nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-function.h         nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-local-handle.h     nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-weak-callback-info.h nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-function-callback.h nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/common.gypi           nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/node_api_types.h      nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-context.h          nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-snapshot.h         nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-value-serializer.h nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8.h                  nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-microtask-queue.h  nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-value.h            nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-proxy.h            nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv.h                  nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/node.h                nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-persistent-handle.h nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-memory-span.h      nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-message.h          nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-data.h             nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-json.h             nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/node_object_wrap.h    nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-unwinder.h         nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-embedder-state-scope.h nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-promise.h          nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/node_buffer.h         nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-script.h           nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-typed-array.h      nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-platform.h         nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-microtask.h        nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-primitive-object.h nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/js_native_api.h       nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-profiler.h         nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-statistics.h       nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-exception.h        nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-isolate.h          nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/config.gypi           nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-extension.h        nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/libplatform/v8-tracing.h nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/libplatform/libplatform-export.h nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/libplatform/libplatform.h nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-external.h         nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/unix.h             nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/aix.h              nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/linux.h            nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/tree.h             nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/darwin.h           nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/stdint-msvc2008.h  nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/version.h          nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/threadpool.h       nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/bsd.h              nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/errno.h            nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/sunos.h            nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/posix.h            nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/win.h              nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/uv/os390.h            nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/node_api.h            nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-date.h             nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-container.h        nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-array-buffer.h     nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-debug.h            nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-primitive.h        nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-traced-handle.h    nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-object.h           nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-forward.h          nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/cppgc/common.h        nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-locker.h           nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-version.h          nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-initialization.h   nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/node/v8-wasm.h             nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/corepack                       nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/npm                            nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/npx                            nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/node                           nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/nodejs-lts/LICENSE       nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/node/gdbinit             nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/node/lldb_commands.py    nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/node.1.gz           nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/dist/pnpm.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/dist/vcc.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/dist/vendors-_yarn_berry_cache_proxy-agent-npm-5_0_0-41772f4b01-9_zip_node_modules_proxy-agent_index_js.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/dist/yarn.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/dist/npm.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/dist/npx.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/dist/pnpx.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/dist/corepack.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/dist/yarnpkg.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/CHANGELOG.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/yarnpkg.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/corepack nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/pnpm.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/pnpm nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/npm nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/corepack.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/yarn.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/npx nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/yarn.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/npm.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/corepack.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/yarnpkg.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/npx.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/pnpm.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/pnpx nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/yarnpkg.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/corepack nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/pnpm.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/pnpm nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/npm nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/corepack.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/yarn.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/npx nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/yarn.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/npm.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/corepack.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/yarnpkg.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/npx.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/pnpm.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/pnpx nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/pnpx.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/npx.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/npm.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/yarnpkg nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/yarn nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/nodewin/pnpx.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/pnpx.ps1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/npx.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/npm.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/yarnpkg nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/yarn nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/corepack/shims/pnpx.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/.npmrc        nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/package.json  nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/README.md     nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/bin/node-gyp-bin/node-gyp nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/bin/node-gyp-bin/node-gyp.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/bin/npm       nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/bin/npx-cli.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/bin/npx       nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/bin/npm-cli.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/bin/npx.cmd   nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/bin/npm.cmd   nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/cli.js    nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/lifecycle-cmd.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/workspaces/get-workspaces.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/workspaces/update-workspaces.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/init.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/run-script.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/team.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/pkg.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/outdated.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/stop.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/shrinkwrap.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/install.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/link.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/help-search.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/deprecate.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/star.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/version.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/adduser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/whoami.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/root.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/stars.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/docs.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/rebuild.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/search.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/audit.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/profile.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/completion.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/update.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/set.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/bugs.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/owner.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/help.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/fund.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/access.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/install.js.orig nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/dist-tag.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/unpublish.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/view.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/login.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/token.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/unstar.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/get.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/prune.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/doctor.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/publish.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/explain.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/ll.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/install-test.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/explore.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/dedupe.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/cache.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/query.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/edit.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/org.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/install-ci-test.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/pack.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/start.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/logout.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/ls.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/repo.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/uninstall.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/ci.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/prefix.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/restart.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/ping.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/hook.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/config.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/find-dupes.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/exec.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/test.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/commands/diff.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/npm.js    nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/arborist-cmd.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/base-command.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/package-url-cmd.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/open-url.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/queryable.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/display.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/format-bytes.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/npm-usage.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/timers.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/read-user-info.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/otplease.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/ansi-trim.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/log-shim.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/is-windows.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/log-file.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/replace-info.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/error-message.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/web-auth.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/open-url-prompt.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/auth.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/completion.sh nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/completion/installed-shallow.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/completion/installed-deep.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/update-notifier.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/explain-eresolve.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/exit-handler.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/explain-dep.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/config/definitions.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/config/definition.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/config/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/audit-error.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/reify-output.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/validate-lockfile.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/reify-finish.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/pulse-till-done.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/tar.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/get-identity.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/ping.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/cmd-list.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/did-you-mean.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/lib/utils/format-search-stream.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/index.js      nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man5/package-lock-json.5 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man5/folders.5 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man5/npmrc.5 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man5/npm-json.5 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man5/npm-global.5 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man5/npm-shrinkwrap-json.5 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man5/install.5 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man5/package-json.5 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-prune.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-org.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-update.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-unstar.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-team.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-start.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-init.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-search.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-doctor.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-explain.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-bugs.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-dist-tag.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-query.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-unpublish.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-help.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-view.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-stop.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-install.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-logout.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-deprecate.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-exec.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-outdated.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-link.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-adduser.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-login.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-ping.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-shrinkwrap.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-diff.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-docs.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-config.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-cache.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npx.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-profile.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-pkg.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-install-test.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-token.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-explore.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-pack.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-install-ci-test.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-completion.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-publish.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-ci.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-find-dupes.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-dedupe.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-help-search.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-repo.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-version.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-run-script.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-stars.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-test.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-owner.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-fund.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-rebuild.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-ls.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-whoami.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-uninstall.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-root.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-audit.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-edit.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-restart.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-prefix.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-hook.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-access.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man1/npm-star.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man7/orgs.7 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man7/scripts.7 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man7/developers.7 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man7/workspaces.7 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man7/config.7 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man7/scope.7 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man7/registry.7 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man7/removal.7 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man7/dependency-selectors.7 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man7/logging.7 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/man/man7/package-spec.7 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-token.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-owner.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-login.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-exec.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-doctor.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-start.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-search.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npx.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-version.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-adduser.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-profile.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-explain.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-test.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-help.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-completion.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-install.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-unstar.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-query.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-view.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-dist-tag.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-logout.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-restart.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-find-dupes.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-rebuild.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-root.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-init.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-deprecate.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-unpublish.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-config.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-org.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-link.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-run-script.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-uninstall.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-stop.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-edit.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-ls.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-docs.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-prune.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-diff.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-star.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-fund.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-install-ci-test.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-audit.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-access.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-bugs.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-cache.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-pkg.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-repo.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-publish.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-outdated.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-prefix.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-team.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-update.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-dedupe.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-hook.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-ping.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-explore.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-ci.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-whoami.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-shrinkwrap.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-stars.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-help-search.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-install-test.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/commands/npm-pack.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/using-npm/scope.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/using-npm/workspaces.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/using-npm/developers.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/using-npm/scripts.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/using-npm/package-spec.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/using-npm/removal.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/using-npm/orgs.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/using-npm/registry.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/using-npm/logging.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/using-npm/config.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/using-npm/dependency-selectors.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/configuring-npm/install.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/configuring-npm/npmrc.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/configuring-npm/folders.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/configuring-npm/package-json.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/configuring-npm/package-lock-json.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/content/configuring-npm/npm-shrinkwrap-json.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-test.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-update.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-logout.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-run-script.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-hook.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-install-test.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-audit.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-query.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-team.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-unpublish.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-explore.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-ci.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-diff.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-edit.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-ls.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-start.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npx.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-find-dupes.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-unstar.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-exec.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-uninstall.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-rebuild.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-help.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-cache.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-publish.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-org.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-bugs.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-whoami.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-dedupe.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-config.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-repo.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-restart.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-doctor.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-completion.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-shrinkwrap.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-profile.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-ping.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-version.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-explain.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-outdated.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-link.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-docs.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-pack.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-prune.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-fund.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-stars.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-stop.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-init.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-prefix.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-access.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-dist-tag.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-adduser.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-owner.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-star.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-view.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-deprecate.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-root.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-pkg.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-login.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-install-ci-test.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-token.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-search.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-install.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/commands/npm-help-search.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/using-npm/logging.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/using-npm/scripts.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/using-npm/registry.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/using-npm/dependency-selectors.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/using-npm/workspaces.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/using-npm/removal.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/using-npm/orgs.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/using-npm/package-spec.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/using-npm/developers.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/using-npm/config.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/using-npm/scope.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/configuring-npm/folders.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/configuring-npm/install.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/configuring-npm/package-json.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/configuring-npm/package-lock-json.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/configuring-npm/npmrc.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/docs/output/configuring-npm/npm-shrinkwrap-json.html nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-audit-report/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-audit-report/lib/colors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-audit-report/lib/exit-code.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-audit-report/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-audit-report/lib/reporters/detail.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-audit-report/lib/reporters/install.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-audit-report/lib/reporters/quiet.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-audit-report/lib/reporters/json.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-audit-report/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks-proxy-agent/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks-proxy-agent/dist/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks-proxy-agent/dist/index.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks-proxy-agent/dist/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-license-ids/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-license-ids/deprecated.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-license-ids/index.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/isexe/windows.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/isexe/mode.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/isexe/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/isexe/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/isexe/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ms/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ms/license.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ms/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmexec/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmexec/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmexec/lib/run-script.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmexec/lib/file-exists.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmexec/lib/is-windows.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmexec/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmexec/lib/get-bin-from-manifest.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmexec/lib/no-tty.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmexec/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmdiff/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmdiff/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmdiff/lib/untar.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmdiff/lib/tarball.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmdiff/lib/should-print-patch.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmdiff/lib/format-diff.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmdiff/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmdiff/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmsearch/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmsearch/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmsearch/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmsearch/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/p-map/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/p-map/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/p-map/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/p-map/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agentkeepalive/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agentkeepalive/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agentkeepalive/browser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agentkeepalive/lib/https_agent.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agentkeepalive/lib/agent.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agentkeepalive/lib/constants.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agentkeepalive/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agentkeepalive/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promzard/promzard.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promzard/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promzard/example/buffer.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promzard/example/substack-input.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promzard/example/npm-init/init.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promzard/example/npm-init/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promzard/example/npm-init/init-input.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promzard/example/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promzard/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-package-arg/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-package-arg/lib/npa.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-package-arg/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmfund/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmfund/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmfund/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmfund/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/archy/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/archy/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/archy/examples/beep.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/archy/examples/multi_line.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/archy/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/emoji-regex/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/emoji-regex/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/emoji-regex/es2015/text.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/emoji-regex/es2015/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/emoji-regex/text.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/emoji-regex/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/emoji-regex/LICENSE-MIT.txt nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/function-bind/implementation.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/function-bind/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/function-bind/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/function-bind/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ini/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ini/lib/ini.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ini/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/wrappy/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/wrappy/wrappy.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/wrappy/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promise-retry/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promise-retry/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promise-retry/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/has-flag/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/has-flag/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/has-flag/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/has-flag/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/debug/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/debug/src/browser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/debug/src/node.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/debug/src/common.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/debug/src/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms/license.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/debug/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/path-is-absolute/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/path-is-absolute/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/path-is-absolute/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fs.realpath/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fs.realpath/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fs.realpath/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agent-base/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agent-base/dist/src/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agent-base/dist/src/index.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agent-base/dist/src/promisify.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agent-base/dist/src/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agent-base/dist/src/promisify.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agent-base/dist/src/promisify.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agent-base/src/index.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/agent-base/src/promisify.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-cidr/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-cidr/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-cidr/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-cidr/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/GOVERNANCE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/errors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/CONTRIBUTING.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_passthrough.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/async_iterator.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/pipeline.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/from.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/destroy.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/from-browser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/stream-browser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/stream.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/end-of-stream.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/state.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/buffer_list.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_transform.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_duplex.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_writable.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_readable.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/readable.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/experimentalWarning.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/errors-browser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/readable-stream/readable-browser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/strip-ansi/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/strip-ansi/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/strip-ansi/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/strip-ansi/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-registry-fetch/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-registry-fetch/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-registry-fetch/lib/auth.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-registry-fetch/lib/check-response.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-registry-fetch/lib/errors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-registry-fetch/lib/clean-url.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-registry-fetch/lib/default-opts.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-registry-fetch/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/process/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/process/browser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/process/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/process/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/process/test.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/lib/tracker-base.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/lib/tracker-stream.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/lib/tracker.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/lib/tracker-group.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_passthrough.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/stream/promises.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/validators.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/duplexify.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/utils.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/add-abort-signal.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/pipeline.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/from.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/destroy.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/compose.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/writable.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/passthrough.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/end-of-stream.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/state.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/readable.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/duplex.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/transform.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/buffer_list.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/lazy_transform.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/legacy.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/operators.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_transform.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_duplex.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_writable.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/stream.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/ours/util.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/ours/primordials.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/ours/browser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/ours/errors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/ours/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_readable.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/readable-stream/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/buffer/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/buffer/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/buffer/AUTHORS.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/buffer/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/node_modules/buffer/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/string-width/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/string-width/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/string-width/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/string-width/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-exceptions/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-exceptions/index.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npmlog/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npmlog/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npmlog/lib/log.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/jsonparse/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/jsonparse/jsonparse.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/jsonparse/samplejson/basic2.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/jsonparse/samplejson/basic.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/jsonparse/examples/twitterfeed.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/jsonparse/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/jsonparse/bench.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmaccess/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmaccess/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmaccess/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmaccess/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-sized/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-sized/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-sized/node_modules/minipass/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-sized/node_modules/minipass/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-sized/node_modules/minipass/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-sized/node_modules/minipass/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-sized/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-flush/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-flush/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-flush/node_modules/minipass/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-flush/node_modules/minipass/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-flush/node_modules/minipass/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-flush/node_modules/minipass/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-flush/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fastest-levenshtein/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fastest-levenshtein/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fastest-levenshtein/test.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fastest-levenshtein/mod.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fastest-levenshtein/esm/mod.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fastest-levenshtein/esm/mod.d.ts.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fastest-levenshtein/esm/mod.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fastest-levenshtein/bench.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fastest-levenshtein/mod.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fastest-levenshtein/test.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/event-target-shim/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/event-target-shim/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/event-target-shim/dist/event-target-shim.mjs.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/event-target-shim/dist/event-target-shim.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/event-target-shim/dist/event-target-shim.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/event-target-shim/dist/event-target-shim.umd.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/event-target-shim/dist/event-target-shim.mjs nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/event-target-shim/dist/event-target-shim.umd.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/event-target-shim/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/http-proxy-agent/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/http-proxy-agent/dist/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/http-proxy-agent/dist/index.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/http-proxy-agent/dist/agent.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/http-proxy-agent/dist/agent.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/http-proxy-agent/dist/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/http-proxy-agent/dist/agent.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/util-deprecate/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/util-deprecate/browser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/util-deprecate/node.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/util-deprecate/History.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/util-deprecate/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ignore-walk/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ignore-walk/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ignore-walk/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ssri/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ssri/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ssri/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ansi-styles/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ansi-styles/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ansi-styles/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ansi-styles/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-core-module/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-core-module/core.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-core-module/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-core-module/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ieee754/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ieee754/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ieee754/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ieee754/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ip-regex/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ip-regex/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ip-regex/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ip-regex/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/validate-npm-package-name/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/validate-npm-package-name/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/validate-npm-package-name/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ansi-regex/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ansi-regex/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ansi-regex/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ansi-regex/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fs-minipass/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fs-minipass/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fs-minipass/node_modules/minipass/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fs-minipass/node_modules/minipass/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fs-minipass/node_modules/minipass/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fs-minipass/node_modules/minipass/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fs-minipass/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-pick-manifest/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-pick-manifest/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-pick-manifest/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-bundled/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-bundled/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-bundled/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/API.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/tokenTypes.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/tokenize.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/sortAscending.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/container.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/comment.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/root.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/constructors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/node.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/namespace.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/className.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/attribute.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/combinator.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/nesting.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/string.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/id.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/selector.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/pseudo.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/tag.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/guards.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/universal.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/selectors/types.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/util/getProp.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/util/ensureObject.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/util/unesc.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/util/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/util/stripComments.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/parser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/dist/processor.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/postcss-selector-parser.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/postcss-selector-parser/LICENSE-MIT nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/macOS_Catalina.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/.github/workflows/tests.yml nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/.github/workflows/visual-studio.yml nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/.github/workflows/release-please.yml nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/bin/node-gyp.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/.flake8 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/gyp.bat nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/.github/workflows/nodejs-windows.yml nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/.github/workflows/node-gyp.yml nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/.github/workflows/Python_tests.yml nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/.github/workflows/release-please.yml nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/gyp_main.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/gyp nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/test_gyp.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/CONTRIBUTING.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/AUTHORS nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/data/win/large-pdb-shim.cc nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/CHANGELOG.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/flock_tool.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/easy_xml_test.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/easy_xml.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/input_test.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/input.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSSettings.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/win_tool.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSToolFile.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/xml_fix.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/ninja_syntax.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/xcode_emulation.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSNew.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/xcode_ninja.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSSettings_test.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSVersion.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/gypsh.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/xcode_test.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/analyzer.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/make.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/dump_dependency_json.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/ninja.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/cmake.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/compile_commands_json.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/eclipse.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/gypd.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/__init__.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/msvs_test.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/ninja_test.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/xcode.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/android.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/msvs.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/msvs_emulation.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSProject.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/__init__.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/common.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSUserFile.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/mac_tool.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSUtil.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/simple_copy.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/xcodeproj_file.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/common_test.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/emacs/testdata/media.gyp nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/emacs/testdata/media.gyp.fontified nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/emacs/gyp.el nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/emacs/README nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/emacs/gyp-tests.el nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/emacs/run-unit-tests.sh nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/pretty_gyp.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/graphviz.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/pretty_vcproj.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/README nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/Xcode/Specifications/gyp.pbfilespec nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/Xcode/Specifications/gyp.xclangspec nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/Xcode/README nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/tools/pretty_sln.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pyproject.toml nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/CONTRIBUTING.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/src/win_delay_load_hook.cc nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/CHANGELOG.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/addon.gypi nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/macOS_Catalina_acid_test.sh nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/update-gyp.py nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/SECURITY.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/process-release.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/configure.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/list.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/install.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/util.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/rebuild.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/find-node-directory.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/remove.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/Find-VisualStudio.cs nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/find-python.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/find-visualstudio.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/clean.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/create-config-gypi.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/node-gyp.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/build.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/docs/Force-npm-to-use-global-node-gyp.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/docs/binding.gyp-files-in-the-wild.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/docs/Linking-to-OpenSSL.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/docs/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/docs/Updating-npm-bundled-node-gyp.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/docs/Home.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/docs/Error-pre-versions-of-node-cannot-be-installed.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/lib/tracker-base.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/lib/tracker-stream.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/lib/tracker.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/lib/tracker-group.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/are-we-there-yet/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/npmlog/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/npmlog/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/npmlog/lib/log.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/ssri/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/ssri/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/ssri/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/rm.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/entry-index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/content/rm.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/content/path.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/content/write.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/content/read.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/memoization.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/get.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/util/move-file.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/util/tmp.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/util/fix-owner.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/util/hash-to-segments.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/verify.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/lib/put.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/node_modules/brace-expansion/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/node_modules/brace-expansion/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/node_modules/minimatch/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/node_modules/minimatch/lib/path.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/node_modules/minimatch/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/node_modules/glob/sync.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/node_modules/glob/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/node_modules/glob/common.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/node_modules/glob/glob.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/cacache/node_modules/glob/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/abbrev/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/abbrev/abbrev.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/abbrev/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/brace-expansion/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/brace-expansion/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass-fetch/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/response.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/body.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/blob.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/headers.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/abort-error.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/request.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/fetch-error.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minipass-fetch/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/nopt/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/nopt/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/nopt/bin/nopt.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/nopt/lib/nopt.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/nopt/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/which/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/which/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/which/which.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/which/bin/node-which nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/which/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minimatch/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/minimatch/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/unique-filename/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/unique-filename/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/unique-filename/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/themes.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/plumbing.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/theme-set.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/process.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/set-interval.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/spin.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/template-item.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/base-theme.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/progress-bar.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/has-color.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/set-immediate.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/render-template.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/error.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/gauge/lib/wide-truncate.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/move-file/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/move-file/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/move-file/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/mkdtemp.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/mkdir.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/rm/polyfill.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/rm/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/write-file.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/errors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/with-owner.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/fs.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/cp/polyfill.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/cp/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/cp/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/copy-file.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/with-temp-dir.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/common/owner-sync.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/common/get-options.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/common/node.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/common/owner.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/with-owner-sync.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/glob/sync.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/glob/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/glob/common.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/glob/glob.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/glob/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/unique-slug/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/unique-slug/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/unique-slug/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/cache/key.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/cache/entry.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/cache/errors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/cache/policy.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/cache/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/dns.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/agent.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/pipeline.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/remote.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/fetch.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/options.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/validate-npm-package-license/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/validate-npm-package-license/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/validate-npm-package-license/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/clean-stack/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/clean-stack/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/clean-stack/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/clean-stack/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/json-parse-even-better-errors/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/json-parse-even-better-errors/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/json-parse-even-better-errors/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmversion/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmversion/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmversion/lib/version.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmversion/lib/enforce-clean.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmversion/lib/read-json.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmversion/lib/retrieve-tag.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmversion/lib/write-json.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmversion/lib/tag.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmversion/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmversion/lib/commit.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmversion/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/read-package-json-fast/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/read-package-json-fast/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/read-package-json-fast/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/example/basic.png nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/example/small-qrcode.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/example/basic.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/example/callback.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/bin/qrcode-terminal.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/.travis.yml nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/vendor/QRCode/QRMode.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/vendor/QRCode/QRMaskPattern.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/vendor/QRCode/QRRSBlock.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/vendor/QRCode/QRErrorCorrectLevel.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/vendor/QRCode/QRPolynomial.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/vendor/QRCode/QRBitBuffer.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/vendor/QRCode/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/vendor/QRCode/QRMath.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/vendor/QRCode/QR8bitByte.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/vendor/QRCode/QRUtil.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/lib/main.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/qrcode-terminal/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/graceful-fs/legacy-streams.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/graceful-fs/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/graceful-fs/graceful-fs.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/graceful-fs/polyfills.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/graceful-fs/clone.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/graceful-fs/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-pipeline/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-pipeline/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-pipeline/node_modules/minipass/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-pipeline/node_modules/minipass/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-pipeline/node_modules/minipass/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-pipeline/node_modules/minipass/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-pipeline/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/walk-up-path/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/walk-up-path/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/walk-up-path/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/builtins/License nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/builtins/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/builtins/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cidr-regex/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cidr-regex/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cidr-regex/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cidr-regex/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/delegates/License nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/delegates/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/delegates/Makefile nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/delegates/History.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/delegates/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/infer-owner/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/infer-owner/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/infer-owner/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/err-code/bower.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/err-code/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/err-code/index.umd.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/err-code/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/supports-color/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/supports-color/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/supports-color/browser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/supports-color/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/humanize-ms/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/humanize-ms/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/humanize-ms/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/rm.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/entry-index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/content/rm.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/content/path.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/content/write.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/content/read.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/memoization.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/get.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/util/move-file.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/util/tmp.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/util/glob.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/util/hash-to-segments.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/verify.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cacache/lib/put.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/treeverse/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/treeverse/lib/depth.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/treeverse/lib/breadth.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/treeverse/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/treeverse/lib/depth-descent.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/treeverse/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/has-unicode/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/has-unicode/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/has-unicode/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/concat-map/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/concat-map/example/map.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/concat-map/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/concat-map/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cssesc/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cssesc/cssesc.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cssesc/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cssesc/bin/cssesc nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cssesc/man/cssesc.1 nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cssesc/LICENSE-MIT.txt nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abbrev/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abbrev/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abbrev/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/imurmurhash/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/imurmurhash/imurmurhash.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/imurmurhash/imurmurhash.min.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/defaults/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/defaults/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/defaults/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/defaults/test.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-lambda/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-lambda/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-lambda/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-lambda/test.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/signal-exit/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/signal-exit/signals.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/signal-exit/LICENSE.txt nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/signal-exit/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/normalize-package-data/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/normalize-package-data/lib/extract_description.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/normalize-package-data/lib/fixer.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/normalize-package-data/lib/make_warning.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/normalize-package-data/lib/warning_messages.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/normalize-package-data/lib/safe_format.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/normalize-package-data/lib/normalize.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/normalize-package-data/lib/typos.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/normalize-package-data/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/init-package-json/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/init-package-json/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/init-package-json/lib/init-package-json.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/init-package-json/lib/default-input.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/bom-handling.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/streams.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/sbcs-data-generated.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-data.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/tables/cp950.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/tables/shiftjis.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/tables/gb18030-ranges.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/tables/big5-added.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/tables/cp936.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/tables/gbk-added.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/tables/cp949.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/tables/eucjp.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/sbcs-data.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/sbcs-codec.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/iconv-lite/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/typings/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/typings/client/socksclient.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/typings/common/util.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/typings/common/receivebuffer.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/typings/common/constants.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/typings/common/helpers.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/build/index.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/build/client/socksclient.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/build/client/socksclient.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/build/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/build/common/util.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/build/common/util.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/build/common/receivebuffer.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/build/common/helpers.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/build/common/helpers.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/build/common/constants.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/build/common/receivebuffer.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/build/common/constants.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/docs/migratingFromV1.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/docs/index.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/docs/examples/typescript/connectExample.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/docs/examples/typescript/bindExample.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/docs/examples/typescript/associateExample.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/docs/examples/index.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/docs/examples/javascript/connectExample.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/docs/examples/javascript/bindExample.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/docs/examples/javascript/associateExample.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/socks/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/aproba/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/aproba/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/aproba/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minizlib/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minizlib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minizlib/node_modules/minipass/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minizlib/node_modules/minipass/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minizlib/node_modules/minipass/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minizlib/node_modules/minipass/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minizlib/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minizlib/constants.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ci-info/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ci-info/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ci-info/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ci-info/vendors.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ci-info/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/env-paths/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/env-paths/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/env-paths/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/env-paths/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/write-file-atomic/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/write-file-atomic/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/write-file-atomic/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/depd/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/depd/History.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/depd/lib/compat/callsite-tostring.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/depd/lib/compat/event-listener-count.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/depd/lib/compat/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/depd/lib/browser/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/depd/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/depd/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/encoding/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/encoding/lib/encoding.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/encoding/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/internal/identifiers.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/internal/re.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/internal/parse-options.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/internal/debug.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/internal/constants.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/bin/semver.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/gte.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/lt.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/gt.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/cmp.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/lte.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/patch.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/compare-build.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/rsort.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/parse.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/coerce.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/prerelease.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/satisfies.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/compare-loose.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/neq.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/minor.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/valid.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/clean.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/sort.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/compare.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/inc.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/eq.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/rcompare.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/major.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/functions/diff.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/classes/semver.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/classes/range.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/classes/comparator.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/classes/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/range.bnf nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/ranges/max-satisfying.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/ranges/outside.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/ranges/simplify.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/ranges/min-satisfying.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/ranges/subset.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/ranges/to-comparators.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/ranges/gtr.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/ranges/valid.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/ranges/intersects.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/ranges/min-version.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/ranges/ltr.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/preload.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/node_modules/lru-cache/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/node_modules/lru-cache/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/node_modules/lru-cache/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/semver/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/brace-expansion/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/brace-expansion/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/safe-buffer/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/safe-buffer/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/safe-buffer/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/safe-buffer/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-profile/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-profile/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-profile/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-fetch/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/response.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/body.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/blob.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/headers.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/abort-error.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/request.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-fetch/lib/fetch-error.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-fetch/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/bin.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/dir.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/registry.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/fetcher.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/file.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/remote.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/util/add-git-sha.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/util/npm.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/util/is-package-bin.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/util/trailing-slashes.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/util/tar-create-options.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/util/cache-dir.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/git.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/pacote/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/base64-js/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/base64-js/base64js.min.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/base64-js/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/base64-js/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/base64-js/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/parse-conflict-json/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/parse-conflict-json/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/parse-conflict-json/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/lru-cache/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/lru-cache/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/lru-cache/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/lru-cache/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/binary-extensions/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/binary-extensions/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/binary-extensions/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/binary-extensions/binary-extensions.json.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/binary-extensions/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/binary-extensions/binary-extensions.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tiny-relative-date/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tiny-relative-date/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tiny-relative-date/src/factory.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tiny-relative-date/src/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tiny-relative-date/translations/de.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tiny-relative-date/translations/es.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tiny-relative-date/translations/en.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tiny-relative-date/translations/en-short.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tiny-relative-date/translations/da.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tiny-relative-date/lib/factory.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tiny-relative-date/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff-apply/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff-apply/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff-apply/index.tests.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff-apply/index.mjs nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff-apply/rollup.config.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff-apply/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff-apply/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/retry/License nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/retry/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/retry/example/stop.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/retry/example/dns.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/retry/equation.gif nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/retry/Makefile nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/retry/lib/retry.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/retry/lib/retry_operation.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/retry/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/bin.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/node_modules/brace-expansion/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/node_modules/brace-expansion/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/node_modules/minimatch/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/node_modules/minimatch/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/node_modules/glob/sync.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/node_modules/glob/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/node_modules/glob/common.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/node_modules/glob/glob.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/node_modules/glob/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/rimraf/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/yallist/yallist.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/yallist/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/yallist/iterator.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/yallist/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/nopt/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/nopt/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/nopt/bin/nopt.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/nopt/lib/nopt.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/nopt/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/read-package-json/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/read-package-json/lib/read-json.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/read-package-json/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/http-cache-semantics/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/http-cache-semantics/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/http-cache-semantics/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/negotiator/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/negotiator/HISTORY.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/negotiator/lib/mediaType.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/negotiator/lib/encoding.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/negotiator/lib/language.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/negotiator/lib/charset.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/negotiator/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/negotiator/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/console-control-strings/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/console-control-strings/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/console-control-strings/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@gar/promisify/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@gar/promisify/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@gar/promisify/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-fullwidth-code-point/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-fullwidth-code-point/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-fullwidth-code-point/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/is-fullwidth-code-point/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-packlist/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-packlist/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-packlist/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpack/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpack/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpack/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpack/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mute-stream/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mute-stream/mute.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mute-stream/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpublish/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpublish/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpublish/lib/unpublish.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpublish/lib/publish.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpublish/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpublish/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-expression-parse/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-expression-parse/parse.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-expression-parse/AUTHORS nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-expression-parse/scan.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-expression-parse/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-expression-parse/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff/index.tests.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff/index.mjs nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff/rollup.config.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/just-diff/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promise-call-limit/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promise-call-limit/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promise-call-limit/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/release-notes.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/CONTRIBUTING.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/runtime.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/convert/xml.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/convert/dmp.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/index.mjs nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/patch/create.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/patch/parse.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/patch/apply.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/patch/merge.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/util/params.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/util/distance-iterator.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/util/array.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/diff/line.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/diff/css.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/diff/json.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/diff/character.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/diff/word.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/diff/base.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/diff/array.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/diff/sentence.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/diff/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/safer-buffer/safer.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/safer-buffer/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/safer-buffer/Porting-Buffer.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/safer-buffer/dangerous.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/safer-buffer/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/chownr/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/chownr/chownr.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/chownr/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/hosted-git-info/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/hosted-git-info/lib/hosts.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/hosted-git-info/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/hosted-git-info/lib/parse-url.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/hosted-git-info/lib/from-url.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/hosted-git-info/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/read/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/read/lib/read.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/read/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-columns/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-columns/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-columns/color.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-columns/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-columns/test.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-name/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-name/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-name/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-install-checks/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-install-checks/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-install-checks/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/which/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/which/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/which/bin/which.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/which/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/which/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmhook/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmhook/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmhook/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmhook/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/smart-buffer/typings/utils.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/smart-buffer/typings/smartbuffer.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/smart-buffer/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/smart-buffer/build/utils.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/smart-buffer/build/smartbuffer.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/smart-buffer/build/smartbuffer.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/smart-buffer/build/utils.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/smart-buffer/docs/ROADMAP.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/smart-buffer/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ip/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/ip/lib/ip.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/inherits/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/inherits/inherits_browser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/inherits/inherits.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/inherits/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/chalk/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/chalk/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/chalk/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/chalk/source/util.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/chalk/source/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/chalk/source/templates.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-correct/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-correct/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/spdx-correct/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@isaacs/string-locale-compare/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@isaacs/string-locale-compare/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@isaacs/string-locale-compare/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promise-inflight/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promise-inflight/inflight.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promise-inflight/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-user-validate/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-user-validate/npm-user-validate.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-user-validate/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/indent-string/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/indent-string/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/indent-string/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/indent-string/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/proc-log/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/proc-log/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/proc-log/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/common-ancestor-path/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/common-ancestor-path/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/common-ancestor-path/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abort-controller/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abort-controller/polyfill.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abort-controller/browser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abort-controller/dist/abort-controller.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abort-controller/dist/abort-controller.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abort-controller/dist/abort-controller.umd.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abort-controller/dist/abort-controller.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abort-controller/dist/abort-controller.mjs.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abort-controller/dist/abort-controller.mjs nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abort-controller/dist/abort-controller.umd.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abort-controller/polyfill.mjs nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abort-controller/browser.mjs nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/abort-controller/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmteam/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmteam/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmteam/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmteam/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/clone/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/clone/clone.iml nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/clone/clone.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/clone/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/dist/overloaded-parameters.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/dist/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/dist/index.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/dist/types.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/dist/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/dist/types.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/dist/overloaded-parameters.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/dist/overloaded-parameters.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/dist/types.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/safe.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/themes/generic-logging.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/safe.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/lib/extendStringPrototype.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/lib/custom/zalgo.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/lib/custom/trap.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/lib/system/has-flag.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/lib/system/supports-colors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/lib/colors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/lib/styles.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/lib/maps/america.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/lib/maps/rainbow.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/lib/maps/zebra.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/lib/maps/random.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/examples/safe-string.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/examples/normal-usage.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@colors/colors/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/aggregate-error/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/aggregate-error/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/aggregate-error/license nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/aggregate-error/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/bin-target.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/check-bins.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/link-bin.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/link-gently.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/get-paths.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/is-windows.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/shim-bin.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/get-node-modules.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/fix-bin.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/check-bin.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/link-bins.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/link-mans.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/man-target.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/lib/get-prefix.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/bin-links/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/once/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/once/once.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/once/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minimatch/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minimatch/lib/path.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minimatch/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-json-stream/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-json-stream/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-json-stream/node_modules/minipass/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-json-stream/node_modules/minipass/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-json-stream/node_modules/minipass/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-json-stream/node_modules/minipass/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-json-stream/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/wcwidth/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/wcwidth/combining.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/wcwidth/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/wcwidth/docs/index.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/wcwidth/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/text-table/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/text-table/example/center.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/text-table/example/doubledot.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/text-table/example/align.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/text-table/example/table.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/text-table/example/dotalign.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/text-table/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/text-table/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/json-stringify-nice/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/json-stringify-nice/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/json-stringify-nice/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/inflight/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/inflight/inflight.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/inflight/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-convert/route.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-convert/conversions.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-convert/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-convert/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-convert/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-table3/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-table3/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-table3/src/cell.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-table3/src/utils.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-table3/src/layout-manager.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-table3/src/table.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-table3/src/debug.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-table3/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cli-table3/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/columnify/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/columnify/utils.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/columnify/columnify.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/columnify/Makefile nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/columnify/width.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/columnify/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/columnify/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/balanced-match/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/balanced-match/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/balanced-match/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/wide-align/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/wide-align/align.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/wide-align/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/unique-filename/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/unique-filename/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/unique-filename/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mkdirp/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mkdirp/readme.markdown nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mkdirp/lib/find-made.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-manual.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-native.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mkdirp/lib/opts-arg.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mkdirp/lib/use-native.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mkdirp/lib/path-arg.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mkdirp/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mkdirp/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/symbols.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/add-listeners.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/remove-listeners.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/modify-in-emit.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/common.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/subclass.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/prepend.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/check-listener-leaks.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/errors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/special-event-names.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/max-listeners.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/remove-all-listeners.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/once.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/legacy-compat.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/listener-count.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/num-args.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/set-max-listeners-side-effects.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/events-once.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/listeners.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/listeners-side-effects.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/method-names.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/tests/events-list.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/events.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/History.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/security.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/events/.airtap.yml nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-collect/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-collect/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-collect/node_modules/minipass/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-collect/node_modules/minipass/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-collect/node_modules/minipass/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-collect/node_modules/minipass/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/minipass-collect/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/themes.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/plumbing.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/theme-set.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/process.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/set-interval.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/spin.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/template-item.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/base-theme.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/progress-bar.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/has-color.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/set-immediate.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/render-template.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/error.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/gauge/lib/wide-truncate.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/set-blocking/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/set-blocking/LICENSE.txt nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/set-blocking/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/string_decoder/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/string_decoder/lib/string_decoder.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/string_decoder/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmorg/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmorg/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmorg/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmorg/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/shrinkwrap.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/ideal.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/virtual.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/audit.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/funding.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/actual.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/prune.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/license.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/lib/timers.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/lib/print-tree.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/lib/options.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/lib/logging.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/bin/reify.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/can-place-dep.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/arborist/load-actual.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/arborist/load-workspaces.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/arborist/rebuild.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/arborist/audit.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/arborist/deduper.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/arborist/pruner.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/arborist/build-ideal-tree.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/arborist/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/arborist/reify.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/arborist/load-virtual.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/vuln.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/tracker.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/override-set.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/shrinkwrap.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/signals.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/link.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/reset-dep-flags.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/consistent-resolve.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/spec-from-lock.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/relpath.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/retire-path.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/override-resolves.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/add-rm-pkg-deps.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/tree-check.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/gather-dep-set.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/node.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/query-selector-all.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/realpath.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/signal-handling.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/place-dep.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/version-from-tgz.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/optional-set.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/peer-entry-sets.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/edge.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/printable.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/deepest-nesting-target.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/from-path.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/yarn-lock.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/inventory.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/debug.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/get-workspace-nodes.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/audit-report.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/case-insensitive-map.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/dep-valid.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/calc-dep-flags.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/arborist/lib/diff.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/metavuln-calculator/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/metavuln-calculator/lib/advisory.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/metavuln-calculator/lib/hash.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/metavuln-calculator/lib/get-dep-spec.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/metavuln-calculator/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/metavuln-calculator/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/disparity-colors/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/disparity-colors/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/disparity-colors/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/query/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/query/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/query/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/map-workspaces/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/map-workspaces/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/map-workspaces/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/node-gyp/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/node-gyp/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/name-from-folder/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/name-from-folder/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/name-from-folder/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/run-script/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/run-script/lib/set-path.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/run-script/lib/run-script.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/run-script/lib/node-gyp-bin/node-gyp nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/run-script/lib/node-gyp-bin/node-gyp.cmd nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/run-script/lib/validate-options.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/run-script/lib/signal-manager.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/run-script/lib/is-windows.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/run-script/lib/package-envs.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/run-script/lib/is-server-package.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/run-script/lib/make-spawn-args.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/run-script/lib/run-script-pkg.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/run-script/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/promise-spawn/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/promise-spawn/lib/escape.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/promise-spawn/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/promise-spawn/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/config/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/config/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/config/lib/type-defs.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/config/lib/env-replace.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/config/lib/set-envs.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/config/lib/umask.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/config/lib/errors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/config/lib/parse-field.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/config/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/config/lib/type-description.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/config/lib/nerf-dart.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/config/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/installed-package-contents/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/installed-package-contents/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/installed-package-contents/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/installed-package-contents/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/LICENSE.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/move-file.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/cp/polyfill.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/cp/errors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/cp/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/cp/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/readdir-scoped.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/with-temp-dir.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/common/get-options.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/fs/lib/common/node.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/lib/revs.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/lib/utils.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/lib/which.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/lib/spawn.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/lib/errors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/lib/opts.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/lib/clone.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/lib/find.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/lib/is-clean.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/lib/make-error.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/lib/lines-to-revs.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/lib/is.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/git/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/package-json/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/package-json/lib/update-scripts.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/package-json/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/package-json/lib/update-dependencies.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/package-json/lib/update-workspaces.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/@npmcli/package-json/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/has/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/has/src/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/has/LICENSE-MIT nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-support/bin.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-support/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-support/README.md nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-support/browser.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-support/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/color-support/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/dist/parse-proxy-response.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/dist/index.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/dist/parse-proxy-response.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/dist/index.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/dist/agent.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/dist/agent.d.ts nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/dist/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/dist/agent.js.map nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/dist/parse-proxy-response.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cmd-shim/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cmd-shim/lib/to-batch-syntax.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cmd-shim/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/cmd-shim/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promise-all-reject-late/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promise-all-reject-late/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/promise-all-reject-late/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/glob/sync.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/glob/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/glob/common.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/glob/glob.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/glob/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/read-cmd-shim/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/read-cmd-shim/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/read-cmd-shim/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/unique-slug/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/unique-slug/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/unique-slug/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-normalize-package-bin/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-normalize-package-bin/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/npm-normalize-package-bin/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/cache/key.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/cache/entry.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/cache/errors.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/cache/policy.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/cache/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/dns.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/agent.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/pipeline.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/remote.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/fetch.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/options.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/lib/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/make-fetch-happen/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/package.json nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/warn-mixin.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/high-level-opt.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/mkdir.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/winchars.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/create.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/list.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/pax.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/parse.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/get-write-flag.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/update.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/mode-fix.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/unpack.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/large-numbers.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/strip-trailing-slashes.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/path-reservations.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/extract.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/header.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/strip-absolute-path.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/pack.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/replace.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/read-entry.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/normalize-windows-path.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/normalize-unicode.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/write-entry.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/lib/types.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/index.js nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/tar/LICENSE nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/node_modules/npm/LICENSE       nodejs-lts
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcrypto.a                    openssl-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libssl.a                       openssl-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/add-trusted-certificate        openssl-tool
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/openssl                        openssl-tool
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/dsaerr.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/cmperr.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/dsa.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/conftypes.h        openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ecerr.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/hmac.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs12.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/httperr.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ui.h               openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/kdf.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/bio.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/core.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/decodererr.h       openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/cms.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/async.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ssl3.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/self_test.h        openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/x509v3err.h        openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/objects.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/x509_vfy.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/srtp.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/opensslconf.h      openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/bioerr.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/cmserr.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/cryptoerr_legacy.h openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/sha.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/obj_mac.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/proverr.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/x509.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/dherr.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/evperr.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ebcdic.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/whrlpool.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/txt_db.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/prov_ssl.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/evp.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/uierr.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ts.h               openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ecdsa.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/cmp_util.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/pem2.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/buffer.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/comperr.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ossl_typ.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/bnerr.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/rc5.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/conf.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/objectserr.h       openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/rsaerr.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/aes.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ocsp.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ecdh.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ess.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/tls1.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs12err.h        openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/rc4.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/symhacks.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/cryptoerr.h        openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/cterr.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/crmf.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/decoder.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/x509v3.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/dh.h               openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ec.h               openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/e_os2.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/esserr.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/cast.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/err.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/core_names.h       openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ocsperr.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1_mac.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/engine.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/sslerr_legacy.h    openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/rand.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ssl.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/bn.h               openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/fipskey.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/modes.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1err.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/srp.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/store.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/md2.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/tserr.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/sslerr.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/opensslv.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/dtls1.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/macros.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/pem.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/encodererr.h       openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/http.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/safestack.h        openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1t.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/buffererr.h        openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/rsa.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/cmp.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/param_build.h      openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/kdferr.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/encoder.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/seed.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/md5.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/x509err.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/conf_api.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/storeerr.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/md4.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/crmferr.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ripemd.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/comp.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/core_dispatch.h    openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/mdc2.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/fips_names.h       openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/provider.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/asyncerr.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/lhash.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/des.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs7err.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/params.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/configuration.h    openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs7.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/randerr.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/blowfish.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/types.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/core_object.h      openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ct.h               openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/crypto.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/stack.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/ssl2.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/rc2.h              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/camellia.h         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/trace.h            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/cmac.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/idea.h             openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/conferr.h          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/pemerr.h           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/openssl/engineerr.h        openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/openssl/LICENSE          openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libssl.so                      openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libssl.so.3                    openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcrypto.so.3                 openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libcrypto.so                   openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/ossl-modules/legacy.so         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libcrypto.pc         openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libssl.pc            openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/openssl.pc           openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/engines-3/loader_attic.so      openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/engines-3/capi.so              openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/tls/openssl.cnf                openssl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/patch                          patch
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/patch/LICENSE            patch
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/patch.1.gz          patch
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-8.a                   pcre2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-posix.a               pcre2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-32.la                 pcre2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-8.la                  pcre2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-posix.la              pcre2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-16.la                 pcre2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-16.a                  pcre2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-32.a                  pcre2-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/pcre2posix.h               pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/pcre2.h                    pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pcre2-config                   pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2grep.txt      pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/ChangeLog          pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/COPYING            pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2-config.txt   pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2test.txt      pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/AUTHORS            pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/README             pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/LICENCE            pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/NEWS               pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2.txt          pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/LICENSE            pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_startchar.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_callout.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_general_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_free.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_parens_nest_limit.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_convert_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2convert.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_compile_recursion_guard.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_mark.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_match.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_code_copy_with_tables.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2jit.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_general_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_number_from_name.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2limits.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2api.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_list_free.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2sample.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_recursion_memory_management.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2grep.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_data_free.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_copy_byname.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_recursion_limit.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_decode.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/NON-AUTOTOOLS-BUILD.txt pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_data_create_from_pattern.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_maketables.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_encode.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2demo.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_free.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_stack_free.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_convert_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_free_unused_memory.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2serialize.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_bsr.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2perform.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_glob_separator.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_match_data_size.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_dfa_match.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2-config.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_stack_create.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_stack_assign.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_pattern_info.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_compile_extra_options.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_newline.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2pattern.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_max_pattern_length.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_glob_escape.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2unicode.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_nametable_scan.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_list_get.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/README.txt    pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_config.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_compile.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_copy_bynumber.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2compat.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_character_tables.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/index.html    pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_code_free.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_length_byname.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_depth_limit.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_ovector_count.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2build.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2matching.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_converted_pattern_free.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_get_number_of_codes.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_error_message.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_get_byname.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_ovector_pointer.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2test.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_offset_limit.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_pattern_convert.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2.html    pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_general_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_data_create.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2syntax.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_match_limit.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2callout.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_maketables_free.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2partial.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substitute.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_substitute_callout.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2posix.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_length_bynumber.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_convert_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_get_bynumber.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_code_copy.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_heap_limit.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_callout_enumerate.html pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/LICENSE.1          pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_code_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2serialize.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2callout.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_config.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2partial.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_code_copy.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2demo.3.gz      pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_list_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_number_from_name.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substitute.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2sample.3.gz    pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_length_bynumber.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_nametable_scan.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_copy_byname.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_heap_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2api.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_get_byname.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_data_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_convert_context_copy.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_code_copy_with_tables.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_general_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_character_tables.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_match.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_free_unused_memory.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_callout_enumerate.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_decode.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_get_number_of_codes.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_list_get.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile_context_copy.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_match_data_size.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_copy_bynumber.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_converted_pattern_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_parens_nest_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2limits.3.gz    pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2build.3.gz     pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_ovector_pointer.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2jit.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_recursion_memory_management.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_compile_extra_options.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_glob_escape.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_pattern_convert.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2pattern.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_offset_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_general_context_copy.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_length_byname.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_context_copy.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_glob_separator.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_pattern_info.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_callout.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_stack_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_general_context_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_stack_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_convert_context_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2syntax.3.gz    pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2matching.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_stack_assign.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_newline.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_ovector_count.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match.3.gz    pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2perform.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_compile.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_recursion_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_bsr.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_startchar.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2unicode.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_get_bynumber.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_dfa_match.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_maketables.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_compile_recursion_guard.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2posix.3.gz     pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_match_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2convert.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_data_create_from_pattern.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_depth_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_context_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_error_message.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2compat.3.gz    pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_mark.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_maketables_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_substitute_callout.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_encode.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_data_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_convert_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile_context_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_max_pattern_length.3.gz pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pcre2-config.1.gz   pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-posix.so              pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-16.so                 pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-8.so                  pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-32.so                 pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-posix.pc    pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-8.pc        pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-16.pc       pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-32.pc       pcre2
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pcre2grep                      pcre2grep
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pcre2grep.1.gz      pcre2grep
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/perl                       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pod2man                        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/perlivp                        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/podchecker                     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pod2html                       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pod2text                       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/perlthanks                     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/perlbug                        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/cpan                           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/corelist                       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/encguess                       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zipdetails                     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/libnetcfg                      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/h2ph                           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/json_pp                        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/prove                          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/perl                           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/shasum                         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/enc2xs                         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/splain                         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ptardiff                       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/h2xs                           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xsubpp                         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ptargrep                       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/streamzip                      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/piconv                         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/instmodsh                      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ptar                           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pod2usage                      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pl2pm                          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/perldoc                        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/perl/LICENSE             perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Find.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Tester::Capture.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::Time.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::ParseXS.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::SourceHandler::File.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/B::Xref.3.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::UCD.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::Cygwin.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Typemaps::OutputMap.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Text::Termcap.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Locale::Maketext::GutsLoader.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Locale::Maketext.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Digest.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Command::MM.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_BeOS.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Getopt::Std.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_Any.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Plugin::Specfile.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Object.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::Methody.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::File::Session.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Archive::Tar::File.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::PullParserStartToken.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/bigfloat.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::BigRat.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Mksymlists.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Perl::OSType.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::SubstrHash.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::Stack.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::exception::system.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::DumpAsText.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::Breakage.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/NEXT.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/PerlIO::mmap.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Queue.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder::Module.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Poll.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Sys::Syslog.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::Inflate.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::Memoize.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::LinkSection.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Scheduler::Job.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBM_Filter::int32.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::AnyDBM_File.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::GlobMapper.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Compress::Raw::Zlib.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Devel::SelfStubber.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Source.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::V2.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/FileCache.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::ExpireFile.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Path.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Constant::Utils.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Pass.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Symbol.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Parent.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Term::ANSIColor.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Basename.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::Hash.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Text::Wrap.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/unicore::Name.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Plan.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Search::Dict.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/B::Deparse.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/integer.3.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Env.3.gz            perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_OS2.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Plan.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/English.3.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Sub::Util.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::AnyInflate.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_QNX.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Comment.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::StdHandle.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::Color.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Tester::CaptureRunner.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::FAQ.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Multiplexer.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Diag.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Nox.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Socket::UNIX.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::exception.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::PullParserToken.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize.3.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Guess.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Attribute::Handlers.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Unknown.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::KR.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::Scope::GuardStack.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/PerlIO.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_OS390.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::Win32.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Harness.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::protoent.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::use::ok.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Digest::base.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToANSI.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Errno.3.gz          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Assert.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBM_Filter::compress.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Ok.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Hub.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Dumpvalue.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Base.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/less.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::PL2Bat.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Safe.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/warnings.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Info.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Plan.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::IPC.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Locale::Maketext::Simple.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/encoding.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Skip.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Iterator::Array.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::InterceptResult::Event.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Scheduler.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Module::Load.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Digest::MD5.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::Handle.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_Win32.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Hub::Interceptor.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Hub.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/I18N::Collate.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Render.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Amnesty.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Seekable.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/AnyDBM_File.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Fail.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::EBCDIC.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Install.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::Unzip.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::servent.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/encoding::warnings.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Embed.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/B::Terse.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Byte.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::NDBM_File.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::SDBM_File.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Params::Check.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::SMTP.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Prereqs.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Text::Color.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Text::Overstrike.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Encoding.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Thread::Queue.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Locale::Maketext::TPJ13.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/List::Util.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SelectSaver.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::Zhuyin.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::Debug.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Tarzip.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MakeMaker::Config.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::Epoc.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::ParseXS::Eval.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/autouse.3.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSLoader.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::RefHash.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Select.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Term::Complete.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/subs.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::YAMLish::Reader.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Harness::Env.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::ParseXS::Utilities.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Filter::Util::Call.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::BigFloat.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::Search.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Unicode.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::PerlIO.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::netent.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/B.3.gz              perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::More.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder::Tester.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::KR::2022_KR.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::Base.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Term::Cap.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Carp.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/charnames.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Usage.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::MIME::Header.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Bailout.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToText.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::FirstTime.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IPC::Cmd.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::Bunzip2.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Typemaps::InputMap.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/AutoLoader.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::IteratorFactory.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToXml.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SDBM_File.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::Netrc.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::History.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::Bzip2.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/builtin.3.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Iterator::Process.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Compress::Zlib.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Tools::Tiny.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::DosGlob.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Handle.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::Mac.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Version.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::Expire.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::InterceptResult::Squasher.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::Ping.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::RTF.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/HTTP::Tiny.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::Base.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/O.3.gz              perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/App::Prove::State.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Transition.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Encoding.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::skip.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::JISX0208.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Benchmark.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::YAMLish::Writer.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::NNTP.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::Subclassing.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::Array.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToTk.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Util::ExternalMeta.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Normalize.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Packlist.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Mirrors.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/App::Prove::State::Result::Test.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::AnyUncompress.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::Console.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::Stroke.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Locale::Maketext::Cookbook.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::History::Meta_1_2.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToTerm.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::hints.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::File.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Control.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::JP::JIS7.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Html.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Simple.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_VMS.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::BigInt.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/if.3.gz             perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::hostent.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::PullParserEndToken.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::Complex.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::SourceHandler::Perl.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::Gzip.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::InterceptResult.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::AmigaOS.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/blib.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Trace.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Filter::Simple.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_UWIN.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Liblist.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::YAML.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBM_Filter::null.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Harness::Beyond.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Meta.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::Console::ParallelSession.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::HandleConfig.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::CN::HZ.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBM_Filter::utf8.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Manifest.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/PerlIO::via::QuotedPrint.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/I18N::LangTags::Detect.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Validator.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_Win95.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::Instance.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Text::Tabs.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/B::Showlex.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MakeMaker::Tutorial.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Thread::Semaphore.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Config.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Getopt::Long.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Config::Perl::V.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::stat.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/locale.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Socket.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vars.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::HTML.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Digest::SHA.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Compress::Raw::Bzip2.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/App::Prove::State::Result.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Harness.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/overload.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::CJKConstants.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IPC::Open2.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Hash::Util.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::SourceHandler::Handle.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::Context.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/sort.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::Domain.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Plugin.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Temp.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Compare.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Checker.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Cwd.3.gz            perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie.3.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Typemaps::Cmd.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Parse::CPAN::Meta.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Escapes.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToMan.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::Session.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::IPC::Driver.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Aggregator.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Socket.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::Util.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Socket::INET.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Waiting.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Zlib.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Command.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MIME::QuotedPrint.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IPC::Open3.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::Locale.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::Unix.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/User::pwent.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::libnetFAQ.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::About.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::TW.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Formatter.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/warnings::register.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Unicode::UTF7.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/JSON::PP.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::SimpleTree.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::RawInflate.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/B::Concise.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::ParseXS::Constants.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Scheduler::Spinner.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Util::Facets2Legacy.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToChecker.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::File.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::TAP::Version.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder::TodoDiag.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Digest::file.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::Cmd.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::Storable.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/List::Util::XS.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Module::Load::Conditional.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::SourceHandler::Executable.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::MIME::Name.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::YAML.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Formatter::TAP.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Tester.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::tm.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/FindBin.3.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/UNIVERSAL.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Util::HashBase.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::File.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/version::Internals.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DirHandle.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::ResultFactory.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Iterator::Stream.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Thread.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Bail.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Text.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Hub::Interceptor::Terminator.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::localtime.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/base.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/PerlIO::encoding.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Text::Balanced.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Symbol.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ops.3.gz            perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::Config.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Iterator.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Distroprefs.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::History::Meta_1_3.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MakeMaker.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::JP.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::IPC::Driver::Files.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::InterceptResult::Hub.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Hash::Util::FieldHash.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::Scalar.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::VMS.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::History::Meta_1_0.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::gmtime.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Constant::Base.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::RawDeflate.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::GB2312.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::DumpAsXML.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/strict.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/fields.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::GSM0338.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/version.3.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/B::Op_private.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/mro.3.gz            perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::ParseLink.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Typemaps.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Module::Loaded.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::History::Meta_1_1.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/filetest.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Hub::Subtest.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Exporter.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Config.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/utf8.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Error.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::Big5.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/AutoSplit.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Class::Struct.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_VOS.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::SourceHandler::RawTAP.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::Hash::NamedCapture.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_Unix.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Subtest.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_DOS.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Config::Extensions.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::XHTML.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Feature.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::BigInt::Calc.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/JSON::PP::Boolean.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::Piece.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::CBuilder.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Devel::PPPort.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Text::Abbrev.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Generic.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/overloading.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Note.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Internals.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Term::ReadLine.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/deprecate.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Constant.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::PullParser.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::History::Meta_1_4.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/constant.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Archive::Tar.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::SourceHandler.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::HiRes.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/FileHandle.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MakeMaker::Locale.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Installed.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Module::CoreList.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Supported.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder::Tester::Color.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Html::Util.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/feature.3.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder::Formatter.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Util::Trace.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/bignum.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Exception.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/SelfLoader.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Typemaps::Type.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::GetOptsOO.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/attributes.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/PerlIO::via.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_NW5.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Opcode.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::BigInt::FastCalc.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/threads::shared.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/App::Cpan.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Miniperl.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/re.3.gz             perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Pipe.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/threads.3.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Constant::XS.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::Gunzip.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/lib.3.gz            perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::PullParserTextToken.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_Cygwin.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Dir.3.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder::IO::Scalar.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Info::Table.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::FTP.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Grammar.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::XMLOutStream.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/bigrat.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/User::grent.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ok.3.gz             perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/diagnostics.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/bigint.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Util.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Version.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Sys::Hostname.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DynaLoader.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Data::Dumper.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::Base.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::Pinyin.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::BaseTo.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Module::CoreList::Utils.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Scalar::Util.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DB.3.gz             perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Mkbootstrap.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Pragma.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Exporter::Heavy.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Locale::Maketext::Guts.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Socket::IP.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::HTMLBatch.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/open.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/parent.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/vmsish.3.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MakeMaker::FAQ.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Tutorial.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/PerlIO::scalar.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MIME::Base64.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::CBuilder::Platform::Windows.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_MacOS.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::Zip.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Text::ParseWords.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToRtf.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::CN.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Merge.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MY.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Devel::Peek.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBM_Filter::encode.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Man.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Glob.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/I18N::LangTags.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_Darwin.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Copy.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::Functions.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Test.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::Trig.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/App::Prove.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToNroff.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Encoder.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::POP3.3.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_AIX.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2.3.gz          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBM_Filter.3.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::API::HOWTO.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Storable.3.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::Console::Session.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::Local.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO.3.gz             perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::Deflate.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/sigtrap.3.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Requirements.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/bytes.3.gz          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/I18N::LangTags::List.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::BigInt::Lib.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::Checker.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::TextContent.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::Korean.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Converter.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::JP::H2Z.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Spec.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::testlib.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Kwalify.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::Seconds.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/POSIX.3.gz          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Alias.3.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Fatal.3.gz          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::OS2.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Fcntl.3.gz          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Fetch.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/experimental.3.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToPod.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Module::Metadata.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::Scope::Guard.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::Text.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CORE.3.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Debug.3.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::ExpireTest.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::JustPod.3.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5244delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5203delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5321delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlplan9.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/prove.1.gz          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlboot.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5005delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlclib.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5301delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/shasum.1.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhurd.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5142delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl586delta.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlintern.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pod2man.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlbook.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5121delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5123delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5200delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlpodspec.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsyn.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldtrace.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltw.1.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlopentut.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl589delta.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5140delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5242delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5261delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsec.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5184delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlmroapi.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlartistic.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/podchecker.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5100delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/cpan.1.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5224delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlcall.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlqnx.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsynology.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsolaris.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlperf.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ptargrep.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5222delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ptar.1.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlriscos.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5320delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perluniintro.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlmodstyle.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlunitut.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pod2text.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl582delta.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlunicook.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldsc.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/zipdetails.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5281delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/h2xs.1.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhaiku.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlpodstyle.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq3.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/h2ph.1.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/encguess.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/json_pp.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/libnetcfg.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlaix.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5162delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq9.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5125delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfreebsd.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhpux.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlintro.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlgit.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlreftut.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5341delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlebcdic.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldeprecation.1.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlmacosx.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5144delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq1.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5160delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl.1.gz           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlbot.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlnewmod.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ptardiff.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5122delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlos2.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/streamzip.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/splain.1.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldocstyle.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlxstypemap.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlre.1.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5180delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perljp.1.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perliol.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlvar.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlrepository.1.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldiag.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlrecharclass.1.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5201delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlivp.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq7.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlgpl.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlwin32.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl56delta.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltodo.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfilter.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5283delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlref.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlirix.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlreref.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlpacktut.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlko.1.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlamiga.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl581delta.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perluniprops.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldoc.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl587delta.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pod2usage.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlobj.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl588delta.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlgov.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlbug.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlapi.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltie.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldebug.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlinterp.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldebguts.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhacktips.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldelta.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldbmfilter.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl584delta.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlmodlib.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlpragma.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlreapi.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltooc.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlxs.1.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5260delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsecpolicy.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhack.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlbs2000.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlapio.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldebtut.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlrequick.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlootut.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5163delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlpolicy.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5340delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5182delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlos400.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlvms.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlopenbsd.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5262delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlembed.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perllinux.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlop.1.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl583delta.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5143delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/corelist.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl561delta.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhacktut.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlcygwin.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5300delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlos390.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5360delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlvos.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltrap.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5161delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfork.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlform.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pod2html.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsub.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl58delta.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5223delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5243delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlport.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlmod.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlandroid.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlcommunity.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlunicode.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pl2pm.1.gz          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perllol.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xsubpp.1.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlunifaq.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5280delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlreguts.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/instmodsh.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5263delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlguts.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltru64.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5220delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlexperiment.1.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlrebackslash.1.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perllocale.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5124delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhist.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5004delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5282delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq6.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perllexwarn.1.gz    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5303delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq5.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5181delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5221delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5120delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlrun.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5101delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlstyle.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlpod.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5302delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltoc.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlutil.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/piconv.1.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlipc.1.gz        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq2.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfunc.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsource.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5141delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlglossary.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq8.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltoot.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5240delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlmodinstall.1.gz perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5241delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldata.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlretut.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlcheat.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlthanks.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/enc2xs.1.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5202delta.1.gz  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq4.1.gz       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlnumber.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlthrtut.1.gz     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlcn.1.gz         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlxstut.1.gz      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl585delta.1.gz   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libperl.so                     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ok.pm             perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Tie/SubstrHash.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Tie/StdHandle.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Tie/Hash.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Tie/Scalar.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Tie/Array.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Tie/Hash/NamedCapture.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Tie/Memoize.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Tie/File.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Tie/RefHash.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Tie/Handle.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Harness/Beyond.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Harness/Env.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Formatter/Base.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Formatter/File/Session.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Formatter/Session.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Formatter/Console.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Formatter/Color.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Formatter/File.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Formatter/Console/ParallelSession.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Formatter/Console/Session.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Harness.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Base.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Object.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Iterator.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/IteratorFactory.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/SourceHandler.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Result/Pragma.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Result/Comment.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Result/Plan.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Result/Unknown.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Result/YAML.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Result/Test.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Result/Version.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Result/Bailout.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/ResultFactory.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Scheduler/Job.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Scheduler/Spinner.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Result.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Scheduler.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Aggregator.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Iterator/Array.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Iterator/Process.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Iterator/Stream.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Source.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Multiplexer.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/YAMLish/Reader.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/YAMLish/Writer.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/SourceHandler/Executable.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/SourceHandler/RawTAP.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/SourceHandler/File.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/SourceHandler/Handle.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/SourceHandler/Perl.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser/Grammar.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/TAP/Parser.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/warnings.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/NEXT.pm           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Exporter/Heavy.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Module/CoreList.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Module/Loaded.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Module/CoreList/Utils.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Module/Load/Conditional.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Module/Load.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Module/CoreList.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Module/Metadata.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Math/Complex.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Math/BigInt/Calc.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Math/BigInt/Lib.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Math/BigInt/Trace.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Math/BigRat.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Math/BigInt.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Math/BigFloat/Trace.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Math/BigFloat.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Math/BigRat/Trace.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Math/Trig.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Config/Extensions.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Config/Perl/V.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/SelfLoader.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Term/Complete.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Term/ANSIColor.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Term/ReadLine.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Term/Cap.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/PerlIO/via/QuotedPrint.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/diagnostics.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/AnyDBM_File.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/vmsish.pm         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/subs.pm           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Fatal.pm          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/version.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/File/Basename.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/File/stat.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/File/GlobMapper.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/File/Find.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/File/Path.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/File/Fetch.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/File/Temp.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/File/Compare.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/File/Copy.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Digest.pm         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Getopt/Std.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Getopt/Long.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/autodie/hints.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/autodie/Util.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/autodie/skip.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/autodie/exception.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/autodie/Scope/Guard.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/autodie/Scope/GuardStack.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/autodie/exception/system.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Encode/README.e2x perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Encode/encode.h   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Encode/_PM.e2x    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Encode/ConfigLocal_PM.e2x perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Encode/Changes.e2x perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Encode/_T.e2x     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Encode/Makefile_PL.e2x perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Encode/PerlIO.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Encode/Supported.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Search/Dict.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Filter/Simple.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/builtin.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/utf8.pm           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/User/pwent.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/User/grent.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/autodie.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/version.pod       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/meta_notation.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Util/Facets2Legacy.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Util/ExternalMeta.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Util/HashBase.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Util/Trace.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Hub.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Hub/Interceptor.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Hub/Subtest.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Hub/Interceptor/Terminator.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Formatter/TAP.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Util.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/API.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/IPC/Driver.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/IPC/Driver/Files.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet/Hub.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet/Parent.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet/Plan.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet/Control.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet/Info.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet/Amnesty.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet/Assert.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet/Meta.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet/Info/Table.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet/About.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet/Render.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet/Error.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet/Trace.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Transition.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/IPC.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Tools/Tiny.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/TAP/Version.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/Fail.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/Encoding.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/Plan.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/Generic.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/Bail.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/Diag.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/V2.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/Subtest.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/Skip.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/Exception.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/Note.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/Ok.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/Waiting.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Event/Pass.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/API/InterceptResult.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/API/Breakage.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/API/Stack.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/API/Context.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/API/Instance.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/API/InterceptResult/Hub.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/API/InterceptResult/Event.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/API/InterceptResult/Facet.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/API/InterceptResult/Squasher.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/Formatter.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2/EventFacet.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/SelectSaver.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/FileHandle.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/locale.pm         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/PerlIO.pm         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/uni_keywords.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/SpecialCasing.txt perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/CombiningClass.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/Name.pl   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/NamedSequences.txt perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Age.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/PerlDeci.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Cf.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/WB.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/_PerlLB.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/NFKCQC.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/_PerlSCX.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Lb.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Gc.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Hst.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Scx.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Jt.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Bc.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/SB.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Na1.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/NFKDQC.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/NFKCCF.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Bpb.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Uc.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Jg.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Tc.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Nv.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/InSC.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/NFCQC.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Nt.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Lc.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Sc.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Bpt.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Identif2.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Isc.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Bmg.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/InPC.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Vo.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/GCB.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Ea.pl  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/NameAlia.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/EqUIdeo.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/Identifi.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/To/NFDQC.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/Blocks.txt perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ccc/ATAR.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ccc/A.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ccc/AR.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ccc/OV.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ccc/VR.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ccc/B.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ccc/NK.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ccc/DB.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ccc/NR.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ccc/BR.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ccc/AL.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ext/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/CWL/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dep/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/CWKCF/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Hyphen/T.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/SB/NU.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/SB/UP.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/SB/LO.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/SB/AT.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/SB/FO.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/SB/ST.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/SB/CL.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/SB/XX.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/SB/EX.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/SB/LE.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/SB/SC.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/SB/Sp.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/BidiC/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Math/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/Med.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/Init.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/Iso.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/NonCanon.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/Sub.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/Fin.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/Com.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/Vert.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/Font.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/Enc.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/Sup.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/Nar.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/Sqr.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dt/Nb.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IDC/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lower/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Term/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/30000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/1.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/4000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/20.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/9.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/1_4.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/6000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/400.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/17.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/200.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/3000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/100000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/3.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/1_8.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/600.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/100.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/8000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/90000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/70.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/19.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/3_16.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/50.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/80000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/800.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/40.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/1_16.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/2000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/300.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/1_6.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/7.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/6.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/20000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/2_3.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/7000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/70000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/80.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/5.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/2.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/50000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/30.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/90.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/11.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/1_3.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/40000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/500.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/900.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/1_2.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/10.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/18.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/8.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/4.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/60.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/12.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/10000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/15.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/13.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/3_4.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/700.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/60000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/9000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/14.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/16.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/5000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nv/1000.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/PCM/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jt/U.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jt/R.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jt/T.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jt/C.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jt/L.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jt/D.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InPC/LeftAndR.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InPC/BottomAn.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InPC/TopAndLe.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InPC/Top.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InPC/Bottom.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InPC/TopAndRi.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InPC/Overstru.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InPC/TopAndL2.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InPC/TopAndBo.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InPC/VisualOr.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InPC/Right.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InPC/NA.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InPC/Left.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/GCB/PP.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/GCB/SM.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/GCB/CN.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/GCB/XX.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/GCB/EX.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/GCB/LV.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/GCB/LVT.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/SD/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ideo/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IdStatus/Restrict.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IdStatus/Allowed.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Blk/NB.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Hst/NA.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/CWU/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/STerm/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Zyyy.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Gujr.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Lao.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Adlm.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Gong.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Khar.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Cyrl.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Zzzz.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Tang.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Telu.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Kthi.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Khmr.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Zinh.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Sind.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Limb.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Mymr.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Shrd.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Cham.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Nand.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Bhks.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Thaa.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Mult.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Gran.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Diak.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Beng.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Guru.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Lina.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Vith.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Mlym.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Kana.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Orya.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Hmnp.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Tirh.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Linb.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Tibt.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Ethi.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Takr.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Yezi.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Cprt.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Dupl.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Rohg.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Hang.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Armn.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Deva.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Tagb.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Sinh.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Mong.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Arab.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Yi.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Taml.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Hebr.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Glag.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Knda.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Hmng.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Han.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Gonm.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Nko.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Latn.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Khoj.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Talu.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Geor.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Phlp.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Lana.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Hira.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Syrc.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Copt.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Cakm.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Bopo.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Grek.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Scx/Xsux.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/PatSyn/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/EPres/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/NFKCQC/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/NFKCQC/N.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IDS/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/3_1.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/4_1.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/3_0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/13_0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/6_2.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/8_0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/12_0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/11_0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/5_2.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/12_1.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/6_1.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/3_2.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/6_0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/7_0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/2_0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/5_0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/6_3.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/2_1.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/4_0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/9_0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/10_0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/5_1.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/In/14_0.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/CI/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/CE/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/WB/NU.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/WB/Extend.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/WB/WSegSpac.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/WB/HL.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/WB/FO.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/WB/XX.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/WB/EX.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/WB/MB.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/WB/LE.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/WB/KA.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/WB/ML.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/WB/MN.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/BidiM/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/CWCF/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/EBase/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dia/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Alpha/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IdType/NotChara.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IdType/Recommen.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IdType/NotXID.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IdType/Obsolete.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IdType/Inclusio.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IdType/LimitedU.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IdType/NotNFKC.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IdType/Technica.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IdType/Uncommon.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IdType/DefaultI.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/IdType/Exclusio.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/GrBase/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/CompEx/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/UIdeo/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/ExtPict/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Qaf.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/HanifiRo.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/FarsiYeh.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Dal.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Waw.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/NoJoinin.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Lam.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Tah.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Beh.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Ain.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Sad.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Feh.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Kaf.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Gaf.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Hah.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Alef.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Yeh.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Noon.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Seen.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Jg/Reh.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/DI/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bc/EN.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bc/ET.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bc/R.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bc/ES.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bc/B.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bc/CS.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bc/ON.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bc/NSM.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bc/WS.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bc/L.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bc/AL.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bc/BN.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bc/AN.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V70.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V61.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V51.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V20.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V50.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V11.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V41.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V110.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V130.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V30.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V140.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V40.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V60.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V32.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V90.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V52.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V120.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V100.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/NA.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V31.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Age/V80.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Upper/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Vo/Tu.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Vo/Tr.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Vo/U.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Vo/R.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/XIDS/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nt/None.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nt/Di.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Nt/Nu.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/XIDC/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Hex/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/NFKDQC/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/NFKDQC/N.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/QMark/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/GrExt/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Vowel.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Number.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/VowelDep.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona2.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona4.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Bindu.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Nukta.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Syllable.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Invisibl.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Consonan.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Visarga.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona7.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona8.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona3.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Cantilla.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona6.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/VowelInd.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Other.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Virama.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona5.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/PureKill.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/ToneMark.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/InSC/Avagraha.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/NFDQC/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/NFDQC/N.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Cf.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Lm.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/No.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/LC.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/P.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Cn.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Z.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Nl.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Pd.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/S.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Ps.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Lu.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Sm.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Nd.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Lo.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Sk.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Ll.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Sc.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/N.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Pc.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/C.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/M.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/So.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/L.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Mn.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Mc.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Po.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Pf.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Me.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Pe.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Pi.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Gc/Zs.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bpt/O.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bpt/N.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Bpt/C.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/CWT/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ea/A.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ea/W.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ea/Na.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ea/N.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Ea/H.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Dash/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/CWCM/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/GL.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/NU.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/ID.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/BA.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/IN.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/PO.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/BB.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/CJ.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/CL.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/XX.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/AI.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/EX.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/OP.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/NS.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/CM.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/QU.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/SA.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/AL.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/PR.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Lb/IS.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/VS/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/EComp/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Cased/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/NFCQC/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/NFCQC/M.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/Graph.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlPr2.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlQuo.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlPat.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlAny.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/Assigned.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlCh2.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/XPosixPu.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlFol.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/PosixPun.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlIDS.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/Word.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/Print.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlNch.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlIDC.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/PerlWord.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/Alnum.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/Title.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/SpacePer.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlCha.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlPro.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlIsI.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Perl/Blank.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Emoji/Y.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Zyyy.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Gujr.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Gong.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Cyrl.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Telu.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Zinh.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Limb.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Mult.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Gran.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Beng.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Guru.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Mlym.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Kana.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Orya.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Linb.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Cprt.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Dupl.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Hang.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Deva.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Sinh.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Mong.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Arab.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Taml.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Glag.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Knda.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Han.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Gonm.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Latn.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Geor.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Hira.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Syrc.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/lib/Sc/Grek.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/Decomposition.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/UCD.pl    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/version   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/unicore/Name.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Thread.pm         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Carp.pm           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test.pm           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Locale/Maketext.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Locale/Maketext/GutsLoader.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Locale/Maketext/Simple.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Locale/Maketext/TPJ13.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Locale/Maketext/Cookbook.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Locale/Maketext/Guts.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Locale/Maketext.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/feature.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CORE.pod          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Exporter.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/_charnames.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/overload.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/open.pm           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Archive/Tar.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Archive/Tar/Constant.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Archive/Tar/File.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/deprecate.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/DBM_Filter.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Safe.pm           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Config_heavy.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/O.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Socket.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/DynaLoader.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Math/BigInt/FastCalc.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/B.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/PerlIO/via.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/PerlIO/scalar.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/PerlIO/mmap.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/PerlIO/encoding.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/File/Glob.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/File/Spec.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/File/DosGlob.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/File/Spec/Win32.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/File/Spec/Unix.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/File/Spec/AmigaOS.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/File/Spec/OS2.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/File/Spec/Cygwin.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/File/Spec/Functions.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/File/Spec/Epoc.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/File/Spec/VMS.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/File/Spec/Mac.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Sub/Util.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/EBCDIC.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/Encoding.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/JP.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/KR/2022_KR.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/Unicode.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/Byte.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/Unicode/UTF7.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/JP/JIS7.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/JP/H2Z.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/GSM0338.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/CN.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/KR.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/CJKConstants.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/Config.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/Alias.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/Guess.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/Symbol.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/Encoder.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/TW.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/MIME/Header/ISO_2022_JP.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/MIME/Header.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/MIME/Name.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode/CN/HZ.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Filter/Util/Call.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/IO.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Storable.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/List/Util/XS.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/List/Util.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/attributes.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Opcode.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/.packlist perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/POSIX.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Data/Dumper.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Errno.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Unicode/Collate/Locale.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Unicode/Collate.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Unicode/Normalize.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Devel/PPPort.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Devel/Peek.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Hash/Util/FieldHash.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Hash/Util.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Config.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/IO/Dir.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/IO/Socket.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/IO/Select.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/IO/Socket/INET.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/IO/Socket/UNIX.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/IO/File.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/IO/Seekable.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/IO/Handle.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/IO/Poll.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/IO/Pipe.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/re.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Encode.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/ops.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Time/HiRes.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Time/Seconds.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Time/Piece.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/encoding.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Config.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Compress/Raw/Zlib.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Compress/Raw/Bzip2.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Sys/Syslog.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Sys/Hostname.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/threads.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/SDBM_File.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/attributes/attributes.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Math/BigInt/FastCalc/FastCalc.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/PerlIO/mmap/mmap.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/PerlIO/via/via.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/PerlIO/scalar/scalar.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/PerlIO/encoding/encoding.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/mro/mro.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/File/DosGlob/DosGlob.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/File/Glob/Glob.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/TW/TW.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/KR/KR.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/Byte/Byte.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/Unicode/Unicode.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/Encode.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/JP/JP.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/Symbol/Symbol.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/EBCDIC/EBCDIC.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/CN/CN.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Filter/Util/Call/Call.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/List/Util/Util.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Fcntl/Fcntl.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Data/Dumper/Dumper.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Unicode/Collate/Collate.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Unicode/Normalize/Normalize.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Devel/Peek/Peek.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Hash/Util/Util.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Hash/Util/FieldHash/FieldHash.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/IO/IO.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/POSIX/POSIX.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Socket/Socket.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Time/Piece/Piece.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Time/HiRes/HiRes.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Compress/Raw/Zlib/Zlib.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Compress/Raw/Bzip2/Bzip2.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Sys/Syslog/Syslog.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Sys/Hostname/Hostname.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Opcode/Opcode.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/B/B.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Storable/Storable.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Cwd/Cwd.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/re/re.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/MIME/Base64/Base64.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/SDBM_File/SDBM_File.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Digest/MD5/MD5.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/Digest/SHA/SHA.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/threads/shared/shared.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/auto/threads/threads.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/B/Showlex.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/B/Xref.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/B/Concise.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/B/Terse.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Fcntl.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/mro.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Scalar/Util.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Cwd.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Config_git.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/MIME/QuotedPrint.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/MIME/Base64.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/lib.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/POSIX.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Digest/MD5.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/Digest/SHA.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/threads/shared.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/EXTERN.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/utfebcdic.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/perlsdio.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/regnodes.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/util.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/fakesdio.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/nostdio.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/config.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/sv_inline.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/mg_data.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/invlist_inline.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/pp.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/perl.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/cv.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/gv.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/time64.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/perlvars.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/perlapi.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/mydtrace.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/parser.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/libperl.so perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/git_version.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/scope.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/overload.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/uudmap.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/form.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/vutil.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/embedvar.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/perlio.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/hv_macro.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/sv.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/handy.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/feature.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/perl_langinfo.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/pad.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/regcomp.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/patchlevel.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/regcharclass.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/perl_siphash.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/keywords.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/mg_vtable.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/zaphod32_hash.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/perl_inc_macro.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/cop.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/uni_keywords.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/sbox32_hash.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/intrpvar.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/inline.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/unixish.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/reentr.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/malloc_ctl.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/embed.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/XSUB.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/mg.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/regexp.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/mg_raw.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/proto.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/metaconfig.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/av.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/iperlsys.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/bitcount.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/op_reg_common.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/thread.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/hv.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/INTERN.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/uconfig.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/unicode_constants.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/time64_config.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/ebcdic_tables.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/perly.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/xconfig.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/opcode.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/perliol.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/utf8.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/charclass_invlists.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/pp_proto.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/op.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/l1_char_class_tab.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/hv_func.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/opnames.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/warnings.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/try.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/aarch64-android/CORE/dosish.h perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Benchmark.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/App/Cpan.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/App/Prove/State.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/App/Prove/State/Result/Test.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/App/Prove/State/Result.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/App/Prove.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IPC/Open3.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IPC/Cmd.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IPC/Open2.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/hu.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/lt.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/cy.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/et.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/si_dict.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ur.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/kn.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/as.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/kl.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sr.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/nso.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/si.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/nn.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/zh.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ug_cyrl.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sv.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/hr.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/wo.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/bn.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/uk.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/pl.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ar.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/or.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ig.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sq.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/vo.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/he.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/gu.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/nb.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/fa.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/de_phone.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sa.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sv_refo.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ml.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/haw.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/dsb.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/mk.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/to.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/kok.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/be.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/tn.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/fo.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/cu.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/kk.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/yo.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/zh_gb.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ro.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/hy.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ja.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/mt.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/th.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sl.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/wae.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/se.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/fi.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/es_trad.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/is.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/te.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ln.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/da.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/de_at_ph.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/lkt.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/fil.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/zh_big5.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ha.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/zh_strk.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sk.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ko.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/om.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/fi_phone.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/hi.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/eo.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/zh_pin.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/es.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/vi.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/cs.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/zh_zhu.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/pa.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/mr.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ta.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/fr_ca.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/af.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/lv.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ca.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/az.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/tr.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ee.pl perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/keys.txt perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/CJK/GB2312.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/CJK/Pinyin.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/CJK/Big5.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/CJK/Stroke.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/CJK/Korean.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/CJK/JISX0208.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/CJK/Zhuyin.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/Collate/allkeys.txt perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Unicode/UCD.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Devel/SelfStubber.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/integer.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/FileCache.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Params/Check.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/encoding/warnings.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/I18N/Collate.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/I18N/LangTags.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/I18N/LangTags/List.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/I18N/LangTags/Detect.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Uncompress/Adapter/Inflate.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Uncompress/Adapter/Identity.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Uncompress/Adapter/Bunzip2.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Uncompress/Base.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Uncompress/AnyUncompress.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Uncompress/Gunzip.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Uncompress/RawInflate.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Uncompress/Unzip.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Uncompress/Inflate.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Uncompress/Bunzip2.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Uncompress/AnyInflate.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Zlib.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Socket/IP.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/Adapter/Bzip2.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/Adapter/Deflate.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/Adapter/Identity.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/Zip/Constants.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/Base.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/Base/Common.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/Bzip2.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/FAQ.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/RawDeflate.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/Deflate.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/Zip.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/Zlib/Constants.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/Zlib/Extra.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/Gzip/Constants.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/IO/Compress/Gzip.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/experimental.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN.pm           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Carp/Heavy.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/strict.pm         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Internals.pod     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/perlfaq.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/FTP.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/Time.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/libnetFAQ.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/Ping.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/POP3.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/hostent.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/FTP/A.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/FTP/L.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/FTP/E.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/FTP/I.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/FTP/dataconn.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/Cmd.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/Config.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/Netrc.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/NNTP.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/netent.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/SMTP.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/protoent.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/Domain.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Net/servent.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/HTTP/Tiny.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/bigrat.pm         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/bytes.pm          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/warnings/register.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Time/tm.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Time/localtime.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Time/Local.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Time/gmtime.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/XSLoader.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Compress/Zlib.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/bytes_heavy.pl    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Memoize.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/overload/numbers.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Parse/CPAN/Meta.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/charnames.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/English.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_DOS.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/PL2Bat.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/ParseXS.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/typemap  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Packlist.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/aix.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/cygwin.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/android.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/Windows.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/Windows/MSVC.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/Windows/BCC.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/Windows/GCC.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/darwin.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/Unix.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/dec_osf.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/VMS.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/os2.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Base.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_VOS.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Mksymlists.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MANIFEST.SKIP perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Liblist/Kid.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_VMS.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_MacOS.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_Win95.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_NW5.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_Any.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Mkbootstrap.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Miniperl.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/testlib.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Constant.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Manifest.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_Darwin.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_AIX.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_Cygwin.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/ParseXS/Constants.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/ParseXS/Utilities.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/ParseXS/Eval.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/ParseXS/CountLines.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Install.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_OS2.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_BeOS.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/xsubpp   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_OS390.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/ParseXS.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_QNX.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_UWIN.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Typemaps.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Command.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MakeMaker.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_Unix.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MM_Win32.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Liblist.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Embed.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Command/MM.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Constant/Base.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Constant/ProxySubs.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Constant/XS.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Constant/Utils.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MY.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Installed.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Typemaps/OutputMap.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Typemaps/Type.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Typemaps/Cmd.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/Typemaps/InputMap.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MakeMaker/version.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MakeMaker/Tutorial.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MakeMaker/FAQ.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MakeMaker/Config.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/ExtUtils/MakeMaker/Locale.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/vars.pm           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Usage.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple.pod    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Text.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Checker.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/SimpleTree.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/HTMLBatch.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/PullParserStartToken.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/Subclassing.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/JustPod.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/RTF.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/TranscodeDumb.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/XHTML.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/HTML.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/PullParserTextToken.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/Progress.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/Text.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/Checker.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/PullParser.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/Search.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/BlackBox.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/LinkSection.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/DumpAsXML.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/TranscodeSmart.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/DumpAsText.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/PullParserEndToken.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/TextContent.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/XMLOutStream.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/Transcode.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/TiedOutFH.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/Methody.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/PullParserToken.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/HTMLLegacy.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Simple/Debug.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Escapes.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Html.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Functions.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Perldoc.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Man.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Html/Util.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Text/Termcap.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Text/Color.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Text/Overstrike.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/ParseLink.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Perldoc/ToTerm.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Perldoc/BaseTo.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Perldoc/GetOptsOO.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Perldoc/ToRtf.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Perldoc/ToTk.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Perldoc/ToText.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Perldoc/ToNroff.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Perldoc/ToChecker.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Perldoc/ToANSI.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Perldoc/ToXml.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Perldoc/ToPod.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Pod/Perldoc/ToMan.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/UNIVERSAL.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Memoize/ExpireTest.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Memoize/Expire.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Memoize/AnyDBM_File.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Memoize/Storable.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Memoize/NDBM_File.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Memoize/ExpireFile.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Memoize/SDBM_File.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/FindBin.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/sort.pm           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/AutoLoader.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/DirHandle.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Class/Struct.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/blib.pm           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/constant.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/parent.pm         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/AutoSplit.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/B/Deparse.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/B/Op_private.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Attribute/Handlers.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/less.pm           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Text/Balanced.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Text/Tabs.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Text/Wrap.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Text/ParseWords.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Text/Abbrev.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/bigint.pm         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/fields.pm         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/bigfloat.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Plugin/Specfile.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Distribution.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Mirrors.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Author.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Complete.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Kwalify.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Module.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Nox.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/FirstTime.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/DeferredCode.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/FTP.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/CacheMgr.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Tarzip.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/InfoObj.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Index.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Distroprefs.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Exception/blocked_urllist.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Exception/yaml_not_installed.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Exception/RecursiveDependency.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Exception/yaml_process_error.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/LWP/UserAgent.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Prompt.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Plugin.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/HTTP/Client.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/HTTP/Credentials.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/FTP/netrc.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Version.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/API/HOWTO.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Queue.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/URL.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/Converter.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/Prereqs.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/YAML.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/Spec.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/Validator.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/Feature.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/Requirements.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/Merge.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/History/Meta_1_4.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/History/Meta_1_0.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/History/Meta_1_2.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/History/Meta_1_3.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/History/Meta_1_1.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Meta/History.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Kwalify/distroprefs.dd perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Kwalify/distroprefs.yml perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Bundle.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Distrostatus.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/HandleConfig.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Shell.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/CPAN/Debug.pm     perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/autouse.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Symbol.pm         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Thread/Semaphore.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Thread/Queue.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/version/regex.pm  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/version/Internals.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/JSON/PP.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/JSON/PP/Boolean.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/DB.pm             perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/perl5db.pl        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfaq9.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5221delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perltrap.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5341delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlguts.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlxstypemap.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlretut.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlsource.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5200delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5122delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlmroapi.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfaq4.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlgpl.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfaq8.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perltooc.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perllocale.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perltw.pod    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5162delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5224delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5163delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5123delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5124delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlre.pod    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5181delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlreguts.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5143delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perllol.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5260delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlutil.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlqnx.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl586delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfaq3.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl582delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlcommunity.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5283delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perllexwarn.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perldtrace.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlglossary.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlhpux.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlmacosx.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlpod.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perltoc.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlriscos.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5243delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlintern.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perldebtut.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlmodstyle.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5223delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perliol.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5140delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perltie.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlperf.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlos390.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlclib.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfaq1.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perldsc.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfreebsd.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl.pod      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perllinux.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5321delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlxs.pod    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlthrtut.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlport.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlpolicy.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlvar.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl58delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlhack.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5241delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5203delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl561delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perluniprops.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlhacktut.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5303delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlbook.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5101delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perltru64.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl56delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlwin32.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlvos.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlsynology.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5222delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5141delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlpodspec.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlebcdic.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlrequick.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlpragma.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlmodlib.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5244delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlcn.pod    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfork.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl589delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl585delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlsub.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perldebug.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlgit.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl583delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl581delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5125delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perluniintro.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlrepository.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlos400.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5182delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5184delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlirix.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5300delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlrebackslash.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlreref.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5180delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlopenbsd.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfaq5.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlunicode.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perldata.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlrecharclass.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5282delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlhist.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5005delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlexperiment.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5263delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfaq6.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5340delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5161delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5144delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlxstut.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlstyle.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5142delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlembed.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfilter.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfunc.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlos2.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlapi.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlunicook.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5262delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlcheat.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlpacktut.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlintro.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5201delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perltoot.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perljp.pod    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5120delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlootut.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5301delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlbs2000.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlcall.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlboot.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlinterp.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5202delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5360delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlvms.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlreapi.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlref.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlhaiku.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlmod.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5261delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perldiag.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlpodstyle.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfaq2.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlamiga.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlnewmod.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl584delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5281delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perldoc.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5320delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlsec.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5160delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlsolaris.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5242delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfaq7.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5280delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlsyn.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlform.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlhacktips.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl588delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5220delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlapio.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlcygwin.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlunifaq.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perltodo.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5121delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5302delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlop.pod    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlipc.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perldbmfilter.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlgov.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlplan9.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlfaq.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlrun.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlmodinstall.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlopentut.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5240delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlaix.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlartistic.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlunitut.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlreftut.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perldebguts.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlbot.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlobj.pod   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perldocstyle.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlhurd.pod  perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perldelta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5004delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlandroid.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlko.pod    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl5100delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlnumber.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perl587delta.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perldeprecation.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/pod/perlsecpolicy.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Harness.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/use/ok.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Tutorial.pod perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Builder.pm   perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Simple.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/More.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Tester.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Builder/Module.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Builder/TodoDiag.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Builder/IO/Scalar.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Builder/Formatter.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Builder/Tester.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Builder/Tester/Color.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Tester/Delegate.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Tester/CaptureRunner.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test/Tester/Capture.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/filetest.pm       perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/DBM_Filter/null.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/DBM_Filter/utf8.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/DBM_Filter/encode.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/DBM_Filter/int32.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/DBM_Filter/compress.pm perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Dumpvalue.pm      perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/dumpvar.pl        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Env.pm            perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/overloading.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Test2.pm          perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/sigtrap.pm        perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/bignum.pm         perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/if.pm             perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Perl/OSType.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Digest/base.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/Digest/file.pm    perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.0/base.pm           perl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pinentry                       pinentry
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pinentry-tty                   pinentry
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pinentry-curses                pinentry
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/pinentry/LICENSE         pinentry
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/pinentry.info           pinentry
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libprocps.a                    procps-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libprocps.la                   procps-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/proc/slab.h                procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/proc/alloc.h               procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/proc/readproc.h            procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/proc/procps.h              procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/proc/pwcache.h             procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/proc/version.h             procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/proc/numa.h                procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/proc/escape.h              procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/proc/wchan.h               procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/proc/sysinfo.h             procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/proc/devname.h             procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/proc/sig.h                 procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/proc/whattime.h            procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pwait                          procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pkill                          procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pidof                          procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sysctl                         procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pmap                           procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pwdx                           procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/watch                          procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pgrep                          procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/free                           procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ps                             procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tload                          procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/uptime                         procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/vmstat                         procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/procps/LICENSE           procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/procps-ng/FAQ            procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/procps-ng/bugs.md        procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/readproctab.3.gz    procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/readproc.3.gz       procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/openproc.3.gz       procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/vmstat.8.gz         procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/sysctl.8.gz         procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/sysctl.conf.5.gz    procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/procps.1.gz         procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pgrep.1.gz          procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tload.1.gz          procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ps.1.gz             procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/free.1.gz           procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pwdx.1.gz           procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pwait.1.gz          procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/uptime.1.gz         procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/watch.1.gz          procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pidof.1.gz          procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pkill.1.gz          procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pmap.1.gz           procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libprocps.so                   procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libprocps.pc         procps
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/termux-chroot                  proot
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/proot                          proot
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/proot/LICENSE            proot
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/proot.1.gz          proot
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/proot/loader32             proot
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/proot/loader               proot
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fuser                          psmisc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pslog                          psmisc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/prtstat                        psmisc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/killall                        psmisc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/peekfd                         psmisc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pstree                         psmisc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/psmisc/LICENSE           psmisc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/peekfd.1.gz         psmisc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pstree.1.gz         psmisc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/killall.1.gz        psmisc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/pslog.1.gz          psmisc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/prtstat.1.gz        psmisc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/fuser.1.gz          psmisc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/libpython3.11.a python-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/idle3.11                       python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/idle3                          python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/idle                           python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/dialog.py   python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__main__.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/filedialog.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/constants.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/constants.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/commondialog.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/font.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/ttk.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/messagebox.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/tix.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/constants.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/colorchooser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/commondialog.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/scrolledtext.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/font.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/dialog.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/scrolledtext.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/dialog.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/colorchooser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/simpledialog.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/tix.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/dialog.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/filedialog.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/dnd.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/font.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/simpledialog.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/scrolledtext.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/tix.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/messagebox.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/simpledialog.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/dnd.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/ttk.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/constants.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/commondialog.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/filedialog.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/filedialog.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/colorchooser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/ttk.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/messagebox.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/dnd.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/tix.py      python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/scrolledtext.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/font.py     python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/dnd.py      python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/simpledialog.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/commondialog.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/messagebox.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__init__.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/ttk.py      python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/colorchooser.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/turtle.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/turtle.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/turtle.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_tkinter.cpython-311.so python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtle.py           python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/rosette.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/lindenmayer.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/forest.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/turtle.cfg python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__main__.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/colormixer.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/peace.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/round_dance.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/clock.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/bytedesign.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/minimal_hanoi.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/planet_and_moon.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/colormixer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/rosette.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/fractalcurves.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/paint.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/colormixer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/planet_and_moon.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/nim.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/paint.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/two_canvases.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/tree.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/tree.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/penrose.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/penrose.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/tree.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/peace.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/two_canvases.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/lindenmayer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/yinyang.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/chaos.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/chaos.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/lindenmayer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/clock.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/colormixer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/lindenmayer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/forest.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/forest.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/peace.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/forest.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/two_canvases.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/nim.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/planet_and_moon.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/sorting_animate.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/paint.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/sorting_animate.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/chaos.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/bytedesign.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/clock.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/nim.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/yinyang.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/minimal_hanoi.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/round_dance.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/bytedesign.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/sorting_animate.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/round_dance.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/minimal_hanoi.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/fractalcurves.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/rosette.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/yinyang.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/rosette.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/fractalcurves.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/penrose.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/two_canvases.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/planet_and_moon.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/clock.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/bytedesign.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/chaos.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/round_dance.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/fractalcurves.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__init__.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/peace.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/penrose.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/paint.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/minimal_hanoi.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/nim.py   python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/tree.py  python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/yinyang.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/sorting_animate.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/autocomplete.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/parenmatch.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/tooltip.py  python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle.py     python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/CREDITS.txt python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/history.py  python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/codecontext.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/query.py    python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/stackviewer.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/searchengine.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/config-main.def python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/debugger.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/pyshell.py  python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/macosx.py   python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/ChangeLog   python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/statusbar.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/format.py   python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/config-highlight.def python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/delegator.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/outwin.py   python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__main__.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/NEWS.txt    python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/config_key.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/search.py   python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/textview.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/parenmatch.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/help.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/colorizer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/statusbar.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj_r.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/runscript.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/redirector.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/history.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/editor.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/macosx.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/replace.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/configdialog.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/grep.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip_w.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/hyperparser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/tooltip.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/iomenu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger_r.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger_r.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/multicall.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/runscript.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/iomenu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pyparse.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/squeezer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/delegator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pathbrowser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/delegator.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/searchbase.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/tree.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/tree.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/redirector.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/replace.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/tooltip.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/zoomheight.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj_r.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/search.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pyshell.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/codecontext.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/hyperparser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/dynoption.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/delegator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pyshell.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/hyperparser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/parenmatch.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/redirector.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/percolator.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/tree.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/run.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/idle.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/scrolledlist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/tooltip.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/mainmenu.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/idle.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/format.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/history.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/parenmatch.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/search.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/colorizer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pyparse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/outwin.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/query.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/query.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pathbrowser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/rpc.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/rpc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/searchengine.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/grep.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/help.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autoexpand.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/searchengine.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/searchbase.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/window.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/outwin.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/zzdummy.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/configdialog.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/help_about.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip_w.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/codecontext.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/editor.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/grep.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/percolator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/squeezer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/window.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/help_about.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/zzdummy.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete_w.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/zoomheight.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/mainmenu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip_w.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/scrolledlist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger_r.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/browser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete_w.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/squeezer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/zzdummy.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/config_key.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/dynoption.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/query.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/stackviewer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/configdialog.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pathbrowser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/format.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/idle.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/run.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/runscript.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/editor.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/mainmenu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/search.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/colorizer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/config_key.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/multicall.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/codecontext.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pyshell.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/window.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/percolator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/config_key.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/macosx.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autoexpand.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/undo.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/textview.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/replace.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/format.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/textview.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/searchengine.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/sidebar.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pyparse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/sidebar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/dynoption.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/history.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/browser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/textview.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/undo.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/stackviewer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/outwin.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/multicall.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/iomenu.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/browser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/rpc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/run.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/statusbar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/statusbar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/scrolledlist.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete_w.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj_r.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/zoomheight.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/searchbase.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autoexpand.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/undo.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/sidebar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/stackviewer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/help_about.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/macosx.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/help.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/colorizer.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/editor.py   python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle.pyw    python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/run.py      python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/scrolledlist.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/help_about.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/undo.py     python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/dynoption.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/HISTORY.txt python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/help.py     python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/autoexpand.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/zzdummy.py  python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/browser.py  python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/redirector.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/help.html   python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_config_key.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_runscript.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_calltip_w.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_outwin.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/mock_idle.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_codecontext.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/htest.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_pyparse.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_tree.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_config.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_rpc.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_filelist.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_zoomheight.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_scrolledlist.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_stackviewer.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_search.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_format.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_autocomplete_w.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/tkinter_testing_utils.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_idle.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_window.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autoexpand.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_iomenu.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_sidebar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyshell.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_scrolledlist.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_stackviewer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_undo.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_sidebar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_history.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchbase.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_hyperparser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_mainmenu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_percolator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_runscript.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_text.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_percolator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_util.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_browser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config_key.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_tk.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/htest.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_statusbar.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_tk.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_scrolledlist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_iomenu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_sidebar.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_search.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/tkinter_testing_utils.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pathbrowser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_filelist.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyparse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_delegator.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/tkinter_testing_utils.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip_w.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_multicall.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_macosx.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip_w.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_colorizer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_grep.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_query.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_codecontext.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pathbrowser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyshell.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pathbrowser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyparse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_outwin.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete_w.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_hyperparser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config_key.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip_w.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zoomheight.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_scrolledlist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_runscript.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_run.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_replace.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_outwin.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_runscript.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_stackviewer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_rpc.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editmenu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger_r.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_search.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_parenmatch.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_redirector.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help_about.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_warning.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tooltip.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_history.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_history.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_codecontext.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_query.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchbase.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_delegator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_undo.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_rpc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help_about.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help_about.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tooltip.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_redirector.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_warning.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_rpc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_text.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_browser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_configdialog.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_multicall.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj_r.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_filelist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_textview.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_window.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchengine.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_undo.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchbase.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_mainmenu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editmenu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete_w.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tree.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zzdummy.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zzdummy.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_browser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_query.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tree.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_grep.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_replace.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj_r.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_squeezer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyshell.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_tk.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_configdialog.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_run.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchengine.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zoomheight.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_textview.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tree.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/htest.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_percolator.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editor.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editor.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_outwin.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete_w.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/htest.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_redirector.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_parenmatch.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autoexpand.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger_r.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/template.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_squeezer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_format.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_configdialog.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zzdummy.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_squeezer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_format.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/template.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_grep.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editor.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autoexpand.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_parenmatch.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_macosx.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_text.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_replace.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_codecontext.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tooltip.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_colorizer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_stackviewer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_statusbar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyparse.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_macosx.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger_r.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_warning.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_multicall.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_idle.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_iomenu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_delegator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_filelist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_statusbar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config_key.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zoomheight.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_mainmenu.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_textview.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_format.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_run.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj_r.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_colorizer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_hyperparser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_idle.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchengine.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_window.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/template.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_search.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editmenu.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_browser.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_replace.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_grep.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_window.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_statusbar.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_query.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_text.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_parenmatch.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_debugobj.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_calltip.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_hyperparser.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_zzdummy.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_autoexpand.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_history.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_multicall.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_sidebar.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_util.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/mock_tk.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_redirector.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_autocomplete.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/example_stub.pyi python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/tkinter_testing_utils.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/README.txt python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_warning.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_help_about.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_delegator.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_debugobj_r.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_editor.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__init__.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_debugger.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_searchbase.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_configdialog.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_pyshell.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_tooltip.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_help.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_editmenu.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_squeezer.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_run.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_textview.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_colorizer.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_pathbrowser.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_undo.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_mainmenu.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_searchengine.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/example_noext python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_debugger_r.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/template.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_percolator.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_macosx.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_iomenu.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/NEWS2x.txt  python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle.bat    python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/window.py   python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/pathbrowser.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/percolator.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/multicall.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/openfolder.gif python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle.ico python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/python.gif python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_48.png python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/minusnode.gif python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_48.gif python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_32.gif python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_16.gif python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_256.png python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/plusnode.gif python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/tk.gif python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/README.txt python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_32.png python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_16.png python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/folder.gif python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/squeezer.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/runscript.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/config.py   python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/mainmenu.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/debugobj.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/README.txt  python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/hyperparser.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/grep.py     python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/util.py     python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/calltip_w.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/debugobj_r.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/sidebar.py  python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__init__.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/zoomheight.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/debugger_r.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/TODO.txt    python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/configdialog.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/pyparse.py  python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/extend.txt  python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/tree.py     python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/filelist.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/config-keys.def python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/replace.py  python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/calltip.py  python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/config-extensions.def python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/iomenu.py   python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/searchbase.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/autocomplete_w.py python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/rpc.py      python-tkinter
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/sysmodule.h     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/fileutils.h     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pythread.h      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/sysmodule.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/fileutils.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pythread.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/dictobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/compile.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/listobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/descrobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/modsupport.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pydebug.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pyctype.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/floatobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/unicodeobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/setobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/picklebufobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/bytesobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/odictobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pyfpe.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/longintrepr.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/methodobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/genobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pyframe.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/frameobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/fileobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/longobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/traceback.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/initconfig.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/ceval.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/funcobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/import.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pythonrun.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/bytearrayobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pyerrors.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/cellobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pystate.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/tupleobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/classobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pthread_stubs.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/abstract.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/weakrefobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pymem.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/object.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/code.h  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/objimpl.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/context.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pytime.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/complexobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pylifecycle.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/warnings.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/dictobject.h    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/compile.h       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/listobject.h    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/descrobject.h   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/modsupport.h    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/floatobject.h   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/memoryobject.h  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/unicodeobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/osdefs.h        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pydtrace.h      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/rangeobject.h   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/structmember.h  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/setobject.h     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/bytesobject.h   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_bytes_methods.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_interp.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_ucnhash.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_bitutils.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_typeobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_dict.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_gc.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pathconfig.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_ast_state.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_traceback.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_interpreteridobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_object.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_genobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_signal.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_asdl.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pyerrors.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_ceval.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_compile.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_structseq.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_initconfig.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_abstract.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_hashtable.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pyarena.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_code.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_condvar.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_gil.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_atomic.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_global_strings.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pymem.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_import.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_emscripten_signal.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_bytesobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_unionobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_list.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_symtable.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pylifecycle.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_global_objects.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_call.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_accu.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_atomic_funcs.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_strhex.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_format.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_parser.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_function.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pymath.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_unicodeobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_dtoa.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_getopt.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_sysmodule.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_hamt.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_sliceobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_runtime_init.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_opcode.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_moduleobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_tuple.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_runtime.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_ast.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_blocks_output_buffer.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pystate.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_frame.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_long.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pyhash.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_namespace.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_context.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_fileutils.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_floatobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_warnings.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_exceptions.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/methodobject.h  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pyport.h        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/boolobject.h    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pymacconfig.h   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/codecs.h        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pyhash.h        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pyframe.h       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/Python.h        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pyexpat.h       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pystrcmp.h      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pyconfig.h      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/frameobject.h   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pymacro.h       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/fileobject.h    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/patchlevel.h    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/longobject.h    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/moduleobject.h  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/traceback.h     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/sliceobject.h   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/ceval.h         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/import.h        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/errcode.h       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pythonrun.h     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/typeslots.h     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/iterobject.h    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pytypedefs.h    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/bytearrayobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pyerrors.h      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/py_curses.h     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pycapsule.h     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pystate.h       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/bltinmodule.h   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/tupleobject.h   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/abstract.h      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pybuffer.h      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/token.h         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/weakrefobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/osmodule.h      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pymath.h        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/dynamic_annotations.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pymem.h         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/tracemalloc.h   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/object.h        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/intrcheck.h     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/datetime.h      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/marshal.h       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pystrtod.h      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/enumobject.h    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/genericaliasobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/objimpl.h       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/opcode.h        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/complexobject.h python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/pylifecycle.h   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/exports.h       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/warnings.h      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/python3.11/structseq.h     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/python-config                  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/2to3-3.11                      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pydoc3.11                      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/python                         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pydoc3                         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/python3.11-config              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/python3                        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/python3.11                     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/python3-config                 python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/2to3                           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pydoc                          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/python/LICENSE           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/python3.1.gz        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/python3.11.1.gz     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/python.1.gz         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpython3.11.so               python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpython3.so                  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pygram.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixer_util.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixer_base.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__main__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_reduce.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_tuple_params.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_ws_comma.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_urllib.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_nonzero.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_unicode.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_buffer.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_next.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_methodattrs.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_isinstance.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_zip.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_repr.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_renames.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_metaclass.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_ne.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_exec.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_buffer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools_imports.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_execfile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_future.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_isinstance.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_urllib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_map.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_idioms.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exitfunc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xrange.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_print.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports2.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_paren.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_asserts.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reduce.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_next.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_apply.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_execfile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_sys_exc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_import.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools_imports.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_next.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reload.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_paren.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_methodattrs.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_import.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_set_literal.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_types.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xrange.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_zip.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raw_input.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_renames.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_future.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_renames.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_standarderror.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_methodattrs.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_unicode.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_operator.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_intern.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_future.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_basestring.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ne.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_tuple_params.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_getcwdu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_unicode.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_except.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_funcattrs.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_repr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_dict.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_input.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_basestring.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_unicode.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raise.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_funcattrs.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_repr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_metaclass.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_nonzero.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_map.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_numliterals.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reduce.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_execfile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_nonzero.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools_imports.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_getcwdu.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_metaclass.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_throw.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ws_comma.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reload.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_has_key.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_input.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_zip.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_zip.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ne.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_idioms.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_metaclass.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_renames.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_types.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raw_input.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raise.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_buffer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_urllib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_standarderror.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_urllib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_set_literal.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_apply.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xrange.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ws_comma.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_filter.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_import.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ne.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_isinstance.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_has_key.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_tuple_params.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_asserts.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_types.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_nonzero.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_filter.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_methodattrs.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_set_literal.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_repr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_print.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_dict.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_funcattrs.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_long.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_intern.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_except.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_getcwdu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_filter.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_long.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports2.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reduce.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_idioms.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_tuple_params.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exitfunc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_buffer.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_print.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_numliterals.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_intern.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raise.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_operator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_operator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_standarderror.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_next.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xreadlines.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_numliterals.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_throw.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xreadlines.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_throw.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xreadlines.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_has_key.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_isinstance.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_dict.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_except.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_long.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_basestring.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_asserts.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reload.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_sys_exc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_apply.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_input.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exitfunc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_sys_exc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_map.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raw_input.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ws_comma.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_paren.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_idioms.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_reload.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_raw_input.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_getcwdu.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_exitfunc.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_throw.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_numliterals.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_set_literal.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_has_key.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_dict.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_xrange.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_raise.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_apply.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_funcattrs.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_itertools.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_future.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_except.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_basestring.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_itertools_imports.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_long.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_import.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_xreadlines.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_intern.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_types.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_input.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_filter.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_asserts.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_print.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_imports2.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_imports.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_operator.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_map.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_standarderror.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_execfile.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_paren.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_sys_exc.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/btm_utils.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/pytree.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/refactor.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_matcher.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/pytree.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/patcomp.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_utils.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_utils.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_base.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/refactor.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_matcher.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/refactor.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/pygram.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_utils.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_base.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_matcher.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/patcomp.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/pygram.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/pygram.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/pytree.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/patcomp.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_base.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pytree.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/main.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/refactor.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/patcomp.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/Grammar3.11.0.candidate.1.pickle python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/literals.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/conv.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/pgen.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/parse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/driver.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/literals.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/conv.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/grammar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/conv.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/grammar.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/literals.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/token.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/literals.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/parse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/pgen.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/driver.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/driver.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/grammar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/token.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/parse.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/pgen.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/token.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/conv.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/grammar.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/driver.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/parse.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/token.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/tokenize.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/pgen.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/Grammar.txt python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/btm_matcher.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/PatternGrammar3.11.0.candidate.1.pickle python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/PatternGrammar.txt python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/weakref.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_tzpath.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_zoneinfo.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_tzpath.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_zoneinfo.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_tzpath.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_zoneinfo.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/_zoneinfo.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/_common.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/_tzpath.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/numbers.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/fileinput.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/abc.py              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zipimport.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lzma.py             python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pkgutil.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/threading.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/argparse.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/plistlib.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/traceback.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/mailbox.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sunau.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/hmac.py             python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_compat_pickle.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/shutil.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/copy.py             python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/cgitb.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/msvccompiler.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/archive_util.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/build_clib.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/install_data.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/bdist.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_py.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_scripts.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_scripts.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/upload.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_egg_info.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/check.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_rpm.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/sdist.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/upload.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_clib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_py.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/check.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_dumb.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_lib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_py.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_ext.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_dumb.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/clean.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_egg_info.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_dumb.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_headers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_egg_info.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_clib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_lib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_ext.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_data.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_rpm.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_rpm.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_scripts.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_headers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/sdist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_scripts.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/clean.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/check.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/upload.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_scripts.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_ext.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_data.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_data.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/sdist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/clean.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/register.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_lib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/register.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_clib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_scripts.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_headers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/register.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/install.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/install_scripts.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/bdist_rpm.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/build.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/install_lib.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/check.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/clean.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/upload.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/build_ext.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/install_headers.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/register.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/install_egg_info.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/command_template python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/config.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/build_scripts.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/bdist_dumb.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/sdist.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/build_py.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/_msvccompiler.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/versionpredicate.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/_msvccompiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/unixccompiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dep_util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/msvccompiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dir_util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/bcppcompiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/msvc9compiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/debug.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/msvc9compiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/archive_util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dist.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/file_util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/bcppcompiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/debug.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/cygwinccompiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/file_util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/log.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/_msvccompiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/debug.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/text_file.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/core.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/fancy_getopt.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/log.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/text_file.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/ccompiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/archive_util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/extension.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/ccompiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/unixccompiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/core.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/log.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/msvccompiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/msvccompiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/fancy_getopt.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/ccompiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dir_util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/bcppcompiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/versionpredicate.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/fancy_getopt.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/core.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dep_util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/cygwinccompiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/file_util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/extension.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/versionpredicate.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/unixccompiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dep_util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/extension.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/_msvccompiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dir_util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/archive_util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/msvc9compiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/text_file.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/cygwinccompiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/version.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/versionpredicate.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/extension.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/log.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/file_util.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/msvc9compiler.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/cygwinccompiler.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/config.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/util.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/README    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/bcppcompiler.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/fancy_getopt.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/cmd.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/core.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/text_file.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/unixccompiler.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/dist.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/sysconfig.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/dep_util.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/ccompiler.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/errors.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/dir_util.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/filelist.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/spawn.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/debug.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_sitebuiltins.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/cgi.py              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/fractions.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/opcode.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__future__.py       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/keyword.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/heapq.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/telnetlib.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/gnu.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/ndbm.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/ndbm.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/ndbm.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/dumb.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/dumb.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/gnu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/gnu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/gnu.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/dumb.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/ndbm.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__init__.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/dumb.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pyclbr.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/reprlib.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/smtpd.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pdb.py              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/hashlib.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/contextvars.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/panel.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/ascii.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/has_key.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/panel.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/panel.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/has_key.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/has_key.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/has_key.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/textpad.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/textpad.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/textpad.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/panel.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__init__.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/textpad.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_aix_support.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/operator.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_pyio.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/transports.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/protocols.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__main__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/staggered.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/constants.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/constants.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/unix_events.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/sslproto.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/proactor_events.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/staggered.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/proactor_events.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/locks.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_tasks.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_events.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_utils.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_tasks.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/unix_events.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/timeouts.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/transports.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_events.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_futures.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_tasks.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/queues.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/coroutines.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/staggered.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/transports.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_events.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/events.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/sslproto.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/format_helpers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/log.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/constants.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_events.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/runners.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/protocols.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/selector_events.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/protocols.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/locks.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/trsock.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/log.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/locks.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/streams.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/coroutines.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/transports.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/staggered.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/queues.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/events.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/futures.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/coroutines.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/taskgroups.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_futures.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/taskgroups.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/threads.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/runners.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/format_helpers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/log.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/sslproto.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/futures.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/mixins.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_subprocess.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/trsock.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/futures.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_subprocess.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/trsock.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_utils.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/mixins.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/timeouts.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_subprocess.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_futures.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/tasks.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/streams.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/events.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/taskgroups.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/protocols.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/constants.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/selector_events.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/unix_events.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/selector_events.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_utils.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/queues.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_events.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/format_helpers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/runners.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/mixins.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/proactor_events.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/timeouts.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/tasks.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/streams.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_events.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/threads.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/threads.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/tasks.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/unix_events.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/trsock.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/events.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/futures.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/base_tasks.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/log.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/base_futures.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/queues.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/timeouts.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/sslproto.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/exceptions.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/format_helpers.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/threads.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/windows_utils.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/subprocess.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/taskgroups.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/base_subprocess.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/windows_events.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/runners.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/locks.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/tasks.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/mixins.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/base_events.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/proactor_events.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/coroutines.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/selector_events.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/streams.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asynchat.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/struct.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site.py             python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/thread.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/_base.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/_base.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/process.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/process.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/thread.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/thread.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/process.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/_base.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/thread.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/process.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/_base.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/abc.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/_abc.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/machinery.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/machinery.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_abc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap_external.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap_external.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/machinery.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap_external.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/_collections.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/_text.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_collections.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_collections.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_meta.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_functools.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_text.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_text.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_text.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_functools.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_collections.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_meta.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_functools.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_meta.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/_adapters.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/_functools.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/_itertools.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/_meta.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/abc.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_legacy.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_legacy.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_legacy.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/_legacy.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/_adapters.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/_common.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/_itertools.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/simple.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/readers.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/util.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/_bootstrap.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/_bootstrap_external.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/simple.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/readers.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/machinery.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sre_constants.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/uuid.py             python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/functools.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/posixpath.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mailbox.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/stat.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/selectors.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mimetypes.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/nntplib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pyclbr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/antigravity.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/filecmp.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pstats.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/modulefinder.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/timeit.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/code.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/statistics.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ast.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_compression.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shlex.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/secrets.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_threading_local.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/lzma.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/nturl2path.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/graphlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/inspect.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/chunk.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipapp.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sunau.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/modulefinder.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pickle.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/doctest.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/telnetlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/codeop.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/dis.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_sysconfigdata__linux_.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/opcode.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/threading.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/socketserver.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ssl.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_pydecimal.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/linecache.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/socketserver.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/gettext.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/string.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipimport.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_sysconfigdata__linux_.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shutil.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/operator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_sitebuiltins.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/opcode.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/py_compile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/doctest.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/functools.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/uu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imp.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/nturl2path.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/numbers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/asyncore.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/contextvars.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/platform.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cProfile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/keyword.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ipaddress.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/netrc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/dataclasses.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ntpath.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/dis.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/base64.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/linecache.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/datetime.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bz2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/uuid.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/trace.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/quopri.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/socket.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/dataclasses.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/chunk.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fileinput.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imghdr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/posixpath.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/weakref.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/types.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bdb.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bisect.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pkgutil.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/getpass.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_aix_support.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ast.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pathlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pdb.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/signal.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_compression.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/warnings.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_sitebuiltins.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/enum.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/optparse.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/textwrap.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/__hello__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/decimal.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fileinput.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/gettext.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/locale.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/runpy.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ssl.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cgitb.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/os.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/symtable.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/decimal.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_osx_support.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pickletools.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shelve.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/contextlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/getopt.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/operator.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pty.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/webbrowser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/hashlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sndhdr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/colorsys.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/poplib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipapp.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fractions.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mimetypes.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shutil.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_compile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/chunk.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pydoc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/stringprep.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_threading_local.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_weakrefset.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pydoc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/queue.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/textwrap.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/keyword.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/difflib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pyclbr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/profile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/argparse.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/calendar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_bootsubprocess.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pipes.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/py_compile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipfile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/numbers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pickletools.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_sitebuiltins.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/struct.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/code.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pickle.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fileinput.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/telnetlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/trace.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/timeit.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/functools.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ssl.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_parse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/hashlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/hmac.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/__future__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cgitb.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipapp.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/struct.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_py_abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/selectors.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/base64.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bisect.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_py_abc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/opcode.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/inspect.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/timeit.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/csv.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bdb.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/graphlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/compileall.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cProfile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/xdrlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mailbox.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bdb.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipfile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ntpath.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tracemalloc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipfile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/wave.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/linecache.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cgi.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/runpy.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/asynchat.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sunau.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/site.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/io.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pipes.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/os.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/asyncore.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/symtable.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/copy.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_compression.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/typing.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/io.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/secrets.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/xdrlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_py_abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_osx_support.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ipaddress.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tty.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/configparser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/gettext.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tabnanny.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/contextlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/glob.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/genericpath.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_parse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tarfile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sched.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/asyncore.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/this.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pstats.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cgi.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/hmac.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ftplib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mailcap.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/webbrowser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tabnanny.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/colorsys.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/traceback.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/string.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pathlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/stringprep.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/codecs.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/telnetlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bz2.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_aix_support.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/decimal.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bz2.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pyclbr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/rlcompleter.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bisect.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fnmatch.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/uuid.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_compile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/calendar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/platform.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/dataclasses.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cProfile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/profile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pdb.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ftplib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tempfile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/csv.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/textwrap.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ftplib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/profile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_bootsubprocess.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/genericpath.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imp.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imaplib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipimport.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipimport.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/hmac.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pstats.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imghdr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/queue.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shlex.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/copyreg.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fractions.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/crypt.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/csv.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ipaddress.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_strptime.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/gzip.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imaplib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pydoc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/argparse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tempfile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/difflib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fnmatch.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pty.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/random.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mailcap.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pprint.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/optparse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/optparse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/socket.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/datetime.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_weakrefset.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/trace.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_compat_pickle.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sunau.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_pydecimal.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/compileall.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/warnings.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/calendar.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tempfile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_pyio.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/weakref.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/typing.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_strptime.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/operator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/wave.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/glob.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/reprlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/site.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tabnanny.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/string.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/codeop.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/codeop.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/colorsys.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/code.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tracemalloc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/uu.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imaplib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/contextlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tarfile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/token.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/netrc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/signal.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/locale.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/nntplib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_parse.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/signal.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/selectors.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/weakref.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/smtpd.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/antigravity.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/traceback.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_compat_pickle.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/codecs.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/traceback.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/inspect.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/getopt.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/getpass.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/socket.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pathlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pickle.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pdb.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/datetime.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ntpath.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/quopri.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/this.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/lzma.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_osx_support.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/reprlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pty.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/threading.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/gzip.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/getopt.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/aifc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/plistlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mimetypes.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/crypt.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cgi.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/enum.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sched.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/aifc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/smtpd.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/rlcompleter.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/random.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_pyio.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/numbers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/aifc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/py_compile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/smtpd.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/codecs.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/stat.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/socketserver.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/filecmp.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/copy.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_pyio.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/__future__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/heapq.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shelve.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/xdrlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/nntplib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_collections_abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/nturl2path.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/os.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/heapq.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/base64.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tty.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/quopri.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imp.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tracemalloc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/this.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pprint.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_weakrefset.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/poplib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/lzma.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shlex.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/__hello__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/symtable.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/reprlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/hashlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/warnings.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/queue.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/statistics.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/typing.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cgitb.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/graphlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/poplib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/asynchat.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/genericpath.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pickletools.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/token.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/asynchat.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/statistics.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/platform.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/gzip.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_threading_local.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/secrets.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/difflib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/filecmp.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/site.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/copy.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_sysconfigdata__linux_.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sndhdr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/uu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/argparse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pprint.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/types.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pkgutil.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_markupbase.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_constants.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tarfile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/uuid.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sndhdr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/smtplib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/random.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/types.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/plistlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/dis.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ast.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_compile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shutil.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/locale.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/configparser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/smtplib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mailcap.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pkgutil.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/compileall.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/contextvars.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/threading.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/smtplib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_constants.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/configparser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/webbrowser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/contextvars.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/wave.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/antigravity.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_strptime.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_collections_abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_constants.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/getpass.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fractions.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/netrc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_aix_support.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/heapq.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imghdr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_markupbase.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pipes.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/__future__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/keyword.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/struct.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sched.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_collections_abc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/copyreg.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/runpy.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mailbox.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/posixpath.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/rlcompleter.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/copyreg.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_compat_pickle.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/__hello__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/io.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/stringprep.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_pydecimal.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/crypt.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shelve.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fnmatch.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_markupbase.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tty.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/glob.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/token.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/stat.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/enum.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/doctest.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/plistlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_bootsubprocess.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/modulefinder.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tabnanny.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_pydecimal.py       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ftplib.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_compression.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_sysconfigdata__linux_.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/quopri.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncore.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/chunk.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tracemalloc.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/_log.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__main__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/signals.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/signals.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/async_case.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/mock.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/runner.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/_log.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/suite.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/loader.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/runner.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/result.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/case.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/suite.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/loader.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/result.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/signals.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/_log.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/loader.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/mock.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/signals.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/case.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/case.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/runner.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/async_case.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/suite.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/async_case.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/_log.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/result.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/mock.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/case.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/mock.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/main.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/async_case.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/util.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/suite.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/runner.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/result.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/loader.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/netrc.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/response.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/parse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/robotparser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/response.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/request.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/error.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/error.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/error.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/parse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/response.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/request.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/parse.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/robotparser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/robotparser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/request.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/error.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/request.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/parse.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/robotparser.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__init__.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/response.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pstats.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ipaddress.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/copyreg.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__main__.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/scripts/posix/activate.fish python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/scripts/posix/activate.csh python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/scripts/common/activate python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/scripts/common/Activate.ps1 python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__init__.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/smtplib.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/linecache.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dataclasses.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/socket.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_weakrefset.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wave.py             python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/uu.py               python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__pycache__/topics.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__pycache__/topics.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__pycache__/topics.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/topics.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/_pydoc.css python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/optparse.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/secrets.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pty.py              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/imghdr.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/decimal.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/contextlib.py       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/shlex.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/fnmatch.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_strptime.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/crypt.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/types.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/runpy.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_osx_support.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/textwrap.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sched.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/mailcap.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tarfile.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/inspect.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/parser.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/generator.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/_parseaddr.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/_header_value_parser.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/contentmanager.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/message.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/utils.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/quoprimime.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_policybase.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/message.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/generator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/parser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/message.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/feedparser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/charset.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_encoded_words.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_policybase.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_header_value_parser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/charset.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/utils.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/message.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/quoprimime.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_encoded_words.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/iterators.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/policy.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/policy.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/generator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/encoders.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/iterators.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/contentmanager.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/encoders.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/iterators.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/charset.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/feedparser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/contentmanager.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_parseaddr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/parser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_header_value_parser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/policy.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/header.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/headerregistry.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/base64mime.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/feedparser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_policybase.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/header.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/base64mime.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/quoprimime.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_header_value_parser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/headerregistry.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/base64mime.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/headerregistry.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/utils.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_parseaddr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/contentmanager.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_encoded_words.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_parseaddr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/parser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/utils.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/generator.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/header.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/encoders.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/headerregistry.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/charset.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/policy.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/architecture.rst python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/feedparser.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/encoders.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/quoprimime.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/base64mime.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__init__.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/iterators.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/_policybase.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/header.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/audio.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/nonmultipart.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/multipart.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/message.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/message.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/message.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/nonmultipart.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/base.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/application.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/message.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/text.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/nonmultipart.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/text.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/base.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/application.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/audio.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/multipart.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/nonmultipart.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/image.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/base.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/multipart.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/audio.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/text.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/image.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/image.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/application.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/audio.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/multipart.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/base.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/image.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/text.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/application.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/_encoded_words.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/errors.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/nntplib.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pickle.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/bdb.py              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/config.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/handlers.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/random.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/_endian.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/wintypes.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/_endian.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/_aix.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/_endian.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/_aix.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/wintypes.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/_aix.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/wintypes.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/_endian.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/wintypes.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/_aix.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/util.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__init__.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/framework.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dyld.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dylib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dyld.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dylib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/framework.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dylib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/framework.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dyld.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/framework.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/README.ctypes python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/fetch_macholib.bat python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/fetch_macholib python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/dylib.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/dyld.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/signal.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dis.py              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/selectors.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/client.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/server.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/client.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/server.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/server.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/client.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__init__.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/client.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/server.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/code.py             python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/glob.py             python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pprint.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_collections_abc.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/difflib.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/shelve.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/locale.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/bz2.py              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sndhdr.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_bootsubprocess.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_opcode.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_json.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_lsprof.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_multibytecodec.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/mmap.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_sha3.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/select.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_contextvars.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_curses.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/syslog.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_hashlib.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_ctypes.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_asyncio.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_statistics.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_testclinic.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_gdbm.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_decimal.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_codecs_hk.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_testcapi.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/termios.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_zoneinfo.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_dbm.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_testimportmultiple.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/ossaudiodev.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_crypt.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_csv.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/unicodedata.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/zlib.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_xxtestfuzz.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/cmath.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_blake2.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/xxlimited.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_socket.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_ssl.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_sha512.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/pyexpat.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_bisect.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/array.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/binascii.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_codecs_tw.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_ctypes_test.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_pickle.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_multiprocessing.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_struct.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_queue.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_sha1.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_sha256.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_posixshmem.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_md5.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/audioop.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/math.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_testinternalcapi.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_heapq.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_codecs_iso2022.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_xxsubinterpreters.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/readline.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_lzma.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/grp.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_curses_panel.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_testmultiphase.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/resource.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_codecs_cn.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/xxlimited_35.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_datetime.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_random.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_codecs_kr.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/fcntl.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_codecs_jp.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_elementtree.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_bz2.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_testbuffer.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_sqlite3.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_typing.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_posixsubprocess.cpython-311.so python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/configparser.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/codecs.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/subprocess.py       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/doctest.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/LICENSE.txt         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/gettext.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/README.txt python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/bisect.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/platform.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/warnings.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pipes.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/enum.py             python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_markupbase.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/nturl2path.py       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/token.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/trace.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tty.py              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/graphlib.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/webbrowser.py       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/cmd.py              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_threading_local.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/modulefinder.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/dump.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/dump.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/dbapi2.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/dbapi2.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/dbapi2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/dump.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/dbapi2.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/dump.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/compileall.py       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/os.py               python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tokenize.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/string.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/functools.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sre_parse.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/xmlreader.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/expatreader.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/expatreader.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/handler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/handler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/expatreader.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/saxutils.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/_exceptions.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/xmlreader.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/xmlreader.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/_exceptions.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/saxutils.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/handler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/xmlreader.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/_exceptions.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/expatreader.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/saxutils.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/handler.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/_exceptions.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/saxutils.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/minicompat.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/pulldom.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/NodeFilter.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/NodeFilter.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/minidom.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/xmlbuilder.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/xmlbuilder.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/NodeFilter.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/minidom.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/xmlbuilder.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/domreg.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/expatbuilder.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/minicompat.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/domreg.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/expatbuilder.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/minidom.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/expatbuilder.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/minicompat.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/pulldom.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/pulldom.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/minicompat.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/pulldom.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/domreg.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/NodeFilter.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/expatbuilder.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/domreg.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/minidom.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/xmlbuilder.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/__init__.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__pycache__/expat.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__pycache__/expat.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__pycache__/expat.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/expat.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementPath.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/cElementTree.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/cElementTree.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementTree.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementInclude.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementPath.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementTree.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/cElementTree.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementInclude.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementInclude.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementPath.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementTree.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/ElementTree.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/cElementTree.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/ElementInclude.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/ElementPath.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sysconfig.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/cookiejar.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/client.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/cookies.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/cookiejar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/cookies.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/cookies.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/server.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/client.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/server.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/server.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/client.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/cookiejar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/cookiejar.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/cookies.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__init__.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/client.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/server.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/csv.py              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__pycache__/spam.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__pycache__/spam.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__pycache__/spam.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/spam.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/posixpath.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/getopt.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xdrlib.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/datetime.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/poplib.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/calendar.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_py_abc.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__main__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/_uninstall.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/_uninstall.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/_uninstall.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/_uninstall.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zipfile.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/gzip.py             python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ast.py              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/io.py               python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1258.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_jp_1.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/euc_jisx0213.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp437.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp273.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/ascii.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp874.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/punycode.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp875.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/euc_jis_2004.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_8_sig.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1251.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp866.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_croatian.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp949.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp856.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_8.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp862.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_16.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp852.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/aliases.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_14.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_6.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp950.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_15.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_turkish.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp864.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_2.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_jp.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1256.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gbk.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_3.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_7.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_1.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp860.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp863.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp737.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/kz1048.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/bz2_codec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_le.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_3.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis_2004.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_1.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp862.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/uu_codec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_10.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_6.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gb18030.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1255.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jisx0213.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1251.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_16.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_iceland.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp861.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/raw_unicode_escape.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_11.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_romanian.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1251.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp424.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/latin_1.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_u.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/ptcp154.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp874.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_farsi.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_le.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_ext.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_1.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/palmos.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1140.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/base64_codec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_1.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/big5.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_t.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_1.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_r.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp500.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/kz1048.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jp.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/uu_codec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp875.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_be.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hz.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gb18030.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1140.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_farsi.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_5.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp869.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gbk.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_8.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/idna.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1125.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_croatian.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_cyrillic.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1257.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/tis_620.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1125.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jp.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jis_2004.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_be.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/palmos.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp855.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1026.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jisx0213.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_3.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_arabic.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1250.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2004.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_14.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/oem.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_14.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp037.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_15.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp037.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp860.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp866.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_8.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/quopri_codec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp737.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1254.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_kr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_latin2.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp437.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp775.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_romanian.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp865.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp864.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp775.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_cyrillic.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1140.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jisx0213.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_7.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_latin2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/punycode.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp932.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp857.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_be.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gbk.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp852.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_7.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hex_codec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jp.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp850.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1006.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp850.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/base64_codec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_r.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_turkish.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8_sig.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_13.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp775.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gb2312.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp950.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/undefined.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp865.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1125.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_croatian.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp857.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1255.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/big5.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/palmos.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_ext.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp875.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jis_2004.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis_2004.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jisx0213.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/rot_13.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp424.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/zlib_codec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1257.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp874.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/kz1048.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_10.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_7.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp875.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_9.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_latin2.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/bz2_codec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/punycode.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp874.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/idna.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_9.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_10.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1254.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_be.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_turkish.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/rot_13.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_6.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_kr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1253.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp861.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp866.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gb18030.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp273.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp866.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mbcs.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1250.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1258.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/oem.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/latin_1.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1251.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_t.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/uu_codec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/johab.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/base64_codec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/tis_620.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp437.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp862.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_4.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hp_roman8.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gb2312.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/zlib_codec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_2.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_iceland.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/unicode_escape.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/johab.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_4.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1252.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jisx0213.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_u.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_arabic.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mbcs.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_turkish.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hz.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1253.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_r.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp863.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_arabic.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_11.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp850.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp949.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1257.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/unicode_escape.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp500.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/big5hkscs.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hz.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/zlib_codec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_be.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1026.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_roman.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/johab.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp869.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/oem.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/bz2_codec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_ext.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1256.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/aliases.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jis_2004.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp857.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp949.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp858.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp273.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/unicode_escape.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hex_codec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_cyrillic.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jisx0213.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/undefined.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_le.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1256.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp720.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp950.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1255.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/aliases.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp864.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp720.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp852.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_16.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp950.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_farsi.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_romanian.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp858.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp869.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp855.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hp_roman8.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_iceland.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp858.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1250.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp037.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1254.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp860.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp852.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp437.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/idna.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_11.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp856.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/big5.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_le.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1253.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1258.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8_sig.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis_2004.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp932.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/big5hkscs.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_t.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_4.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp856.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1252.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/rot_13.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/aliases.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp273.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp864.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/tis_620.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hex_codec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/ptcp154.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp720.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_2.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2004.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1252.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gb2312.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_u.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_roman.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_16.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp865.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/charmap.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_15.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/charmap.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_le.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/big5hkscs.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_9.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/quopri_codec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_15.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_6.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/undefined.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp861.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp855.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp863.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_13.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_kr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_13.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1006.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mbcs.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_croatian.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/punycode.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_7.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_3.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_greek.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_3.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_greek.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1006.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hp_roman8.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_14.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_roman.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp932.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_1.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/raw_unicode_escape.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_kr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/quopri_codec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8_sig.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_be.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_3.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1026.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_8.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_5.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2004.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_5.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/raw_unicode_escape.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp424.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_kr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp862.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/ptcp154.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_greek.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp949.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1258.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp737.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/latin_1.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_kr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_le.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_7.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp500.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp856.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/charmap.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_jp_3.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_13.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp857.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_8.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/hp_roman8.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/raw_unicode_escape.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mbcs.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/ptcp154.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp860.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1252.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/rot_13.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_roman.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/hex_codec.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp424.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1006.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/johab.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/idna.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/uu_codec.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_kr.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/charmap.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp863.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/tis_620.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp037.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1253.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_11.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/bz2_codec.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp850.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_jp_2004.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_greek.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_latin2.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_32_be.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/shift_jis.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_jp_ext.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp855.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1254.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/latin_1.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp932.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_9.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp775.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/gbk.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/zlib_codec.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1255.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_4.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp737.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/base64_codec.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_romanian.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1125.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/shift_jisx0213.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_5.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/undefined.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_32_le.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp720.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_arabic.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_1.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/euc_jp.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_16_le.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/koi8_u.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1257.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_jp_2.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/koi8_r.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp858.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/hz.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp869.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/oem.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp861.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_10.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp500.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_16_be.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1250.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/shift_jis_2004.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_7.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1256.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_16.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp865.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_32.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/big5.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_cyrillic.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1140.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/kz1048.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1026.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/gb2312.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/quopri_codec.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/palmos.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_iceland.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/koi8_t.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_7.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/unicode_escape.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/gb18030.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/big5hkscs.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_farsi.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/euc_kr.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_3.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/py_compile.py       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__hello__.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/queue.py            python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/socketserver.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/timeit.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/aifc.py             python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/stringprep.py       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pathlib.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/imaplib.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tempfile.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/_re.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_re.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_types.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_re.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_types.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_types.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_re.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/_parser.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/_types.py   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/colorsys.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/scanner.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/decoder.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/decoder.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/encoder.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/tool.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/tool.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/tool.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/encoder.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/encoder.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/scanner.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/scanner.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/decoder.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/encoder.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/tool.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__init__.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/decoder.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/scanner.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/filecmp.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/popen_forkserver.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/managers.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_forkserver.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/synchronize.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/reduction.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_forkserver.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/pool.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_sharer.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_fork.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/heap.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_posix.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/queues.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/heap.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/context.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/managers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_tracker.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/forkserver.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_win32.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/synchronize.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_tracker.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_fork.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/shared_memory.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/process.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/forkserver.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_forkserver.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/queues.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/process.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/managers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_posix.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/shared_memory.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_tracker.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/reduction.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_fork.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/sharedctypes.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/shared_memory.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/process.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_sharer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/pool.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/heap.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/sharedctypes.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/synchronize.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/context.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_win32.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/sharedctypes.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/queues.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/context.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/pool.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/reduction.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/managers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_win32.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/forkserver.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_posix.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_sharer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/connection.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/queues.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/resource_tracker.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/pool.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/process.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/synchronize.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/reduction.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/resource_sharer.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/util.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/heap.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/context.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/connection.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/shared_memory.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/sharedctypes.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/forkserver.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/popen_spawn_posix.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/spawn.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/popen_spawn_win32.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/popen_fork.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/mimetypes.py        python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/antigravity.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sre_compile.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/genericpath.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/rlcompleter.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/codeop.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zipapp.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/typing.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/statistics.py       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/validate.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/headers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/validate.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/types.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/headers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/simple_server.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/simple_server.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/headers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/validate.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/types.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/types.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/simple_server.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/types.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/util.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/validate.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/headers.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/handlers.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/simple_server.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/_compiler.py     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/_casefix.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_casefix.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_constants.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_compiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_constants.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_casefix.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_compiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_compiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_casefix.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_constants.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/_parser.py       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/_constants.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__init__.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/Setup.stdlib python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/config.c python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/Makefile python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/python-config.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/makesetup python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/Setup   python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/python.o python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/install-sh python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/Setup.bootstrap python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/config.c.in python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/Setup.local python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ntpath.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/this.py             python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/imp.py              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/cProfile.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/getpass.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/base64.py           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/abc.py  python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__init__.py python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ssl.py              python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/stat.py             python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/profile.py          python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/parser.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/entities.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/parser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/parser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/entities.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/entities.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/parser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/entities.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__init__.py    python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pickletools.py      python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/symtable.py         python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/python3.pc           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/python3-embed.pc     python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/python-3.11-embed.pc python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/python-3.11.pc       python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libpython3.11.so.1.0           python
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/unbound.py pyunbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/_unbound.so pyunbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/_unbound.la pyunbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/pzstd                          pzstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libreadline.a                  readline-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libhistory.a                   readline-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/readline/rlconf.h          readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/readline/rltypedefs.h      readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/readline/chardefs.h        readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/readline/rlstdc.h          readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/readline/keymaps.h         readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/readline/history.h         readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/readline/tilde.h           readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/readline/readline.h        readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/rlcat.c             readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/rlkeymaps.c         readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/fileman.c           readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/rl-fgets.c          readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/rl-timeout.c        readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/hist_erasedups.c    readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/rlbasic.c           readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/rl-callbacktest.c   readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/excallback.c        readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/rlptytest.c         readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/rltest.c            readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/rlevent.c           readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/rl.c                readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/histexamp.c         readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/hist_purgecmd.c     readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/rlversion.c         readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/readline/manexamp.c          readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/readline/INSTALL         readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/readline/README          readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/readline/CHANGES         readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/readline/LICENSE         readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/rluserman.info          readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/history.info            readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/readline.info           readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/readline.3.gz       readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/history.3.gz        readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libreadline.so.8               readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libhistory.so.8                readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libreadline.so                 readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libhistory.so                  readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libreadline.so.8.2             readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/readline.pc          readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/history.pc           readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libhistory.so.8.2              readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/inputrc                        readline
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/resolv-conf/LICENSE      resolv-conf
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/hosts                          resolv-conf
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/resolv.conf                    resolv-conf
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/scdaemon.1.gz       scdaemon
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/scdaemon                   scdaemon
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sed                            sed
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/sed/LICENSE              sed
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/sed.info                sed
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/sed.1.gz            sed
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/sqlite3                        sqlite
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/sqlite3.1.gz        sqlite
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tar                            tar
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/tar/LICENSE              tar
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/tar.info-1              tar
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/tar.info                tar
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/info/tar.info-2              tar
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/rmt.8.gz            tar
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tar.1.gz            tar
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/libexec/rmt                        tar
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclOODecls.h               tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/pqStubs.h                  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tdbc.h                     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclDecls.h                 tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tdbcDecls.h                tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclPort.h                  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tdbcInt.h                  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclOOIntDecls.h            tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/itcl2TclOO.h               tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/fakesql.h                  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclUnixPort.h              tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclOO.h                    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/itclIntDecls.h             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/itcl.h                     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/fakepq.h                   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/odbcStubs.h                tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclIntDecls.h              tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/itclMigrate2TclCore.h      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclTomMath.h               tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/itclDecls.h                tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclPlatDecls.h             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclInt.h                   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/itclInt.h                  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclTomMathDecls.h          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tcl.h                      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclIntPlatDecls.h          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclOOInt.h                 tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/itclTclIntStubsFcn.h       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/fakemysql.h                tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tclThread.h                tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/mysqlStubs.h               tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tclsh8.6                       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tclsh                          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/tcl/license.terms        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StringCaseMatch.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetTranslatedPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandInfo.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSJoinToPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncDelete.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgRequireEx.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExitThread.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectNamespace.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendResultVA.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AttemptAlloc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingSearchPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListMathFuncs.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRExprObj.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjSize.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RestoreInterpState.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRCreateCommand.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewInstanceMethod.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Format.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitSetCommands.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExternalToUtf.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MainEx.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EventuallyFree.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetSlave.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GlobalEval.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Import.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprBooleanObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetUnicodeFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringTrunc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SaveResult.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateThreadExitHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnstackChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetGlobalNamespace.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetVersion.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateMathFunc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitAddHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfNcmp.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjAppendList.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsSpace.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToLower.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleFlags.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBignumFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjGet.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamClose.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CancelIdleCall.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TransferResult.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfFindFirst.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetMainLoop.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetIntFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ServiceEvent.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetByteArrayObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ForgetImport.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetObjErrorCode.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetInternalRep.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Backslash.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WinUtfToTChar.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToTitle.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewDictObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendAllObjTypes.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetInt.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CutChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AlertNotifier.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TraceVar2.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamChecksum.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextIsFiltering.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjFirst.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetFSInodeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetHostName.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConcatObj.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClassSetMetadata.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRCmdSwap.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetGroupIdFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IncrRefCount.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSRemoveDirectory.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateEncoding.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetErrorCode.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetStringObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Exit.3.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelNamesEx.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetInterpPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/attemptckalloc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Notifier.3.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSUnregister.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SignalId.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetChannelError.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToExternal.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OOInitStubs.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Ungets.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MakeSafe.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AttemptSetObjLength.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OpenTcpClient.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CancelEval.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetObjLength.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateThread.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectGetMethodNameMapper.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ckfree.3.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfPrev.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBlockSizeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSCreateDirectory.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectCommand.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleFlags.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConditionFinalize.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEncodingSearchPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindSymbol.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetVar2Ex.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSLink.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelClose2Proc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetErrorCodeVA.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnlinkVar.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Preserve.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MakeTcpClientChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetReturnOptions.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStartupScript.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FreeEncoding.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetNamespaceUnknownHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SignalMsg.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UpVar.3.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_BadChannelOption.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfFindLast.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelErrorInterp.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetByteArrayLength.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnregisterChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamInit.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConditionNotify.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetByteArrayFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetErrno.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgPresent.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjPrintf.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetsObj.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpMatchObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetTime.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Free.3.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetMathFuncInfo.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetDoubleFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprDoubleObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteEventSource.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteEvents.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitStubs.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitCustomHashTable.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringLength.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelNames.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ckalloc.3.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConvertElement.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprDouble.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateInterp.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelName.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClearChannelHandlers.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteAssocData.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetCommandInfo.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClassGetMetadata.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WriteObj.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateObjTrace.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/attemptckrealloc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncCreate.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NotifyChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetNamespaceUnknownHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStackedChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseVar.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindHashEntry.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsControl.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendResult.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnsetVar.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Thread.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectAsClass.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetHashKey.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetDefaultEncodingDir.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Stat.3.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateExitHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelInstanceData.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetWideIntObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringEndSublist.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetNativePath.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Merge.3.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TruncateChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCharLength.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringFree.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DontCallWhenDeleted.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamGet.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSUtime.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRAddCallback.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelTruncateProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjNext.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CallWhenDeleted.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetServiceMode.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalFile.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSSplitPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCurrentThread.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingName.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetVar2Ex.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelBlockModeProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UntraceCommand.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectSetMethodNameMapper.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegisterObjType.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateChannelHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpGetInfo.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjPut.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PanicVA.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetResult.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpExec.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteInterp.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ThreadAlert.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelInputProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindExecutable.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetErrorLine.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextSkippedArgs.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsAlnum.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSFileAttrStrings.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Finalize.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TraceCommand.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSConvertToPathType.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FinalizeThread.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_VarTraceInfo.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SpliceChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ReadChars.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelWideSeekProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsChannelExisting.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteCommandFromToken.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExposeCommand.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ErrnoId.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DetachPids.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseBraces.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalObjEx.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSEvalFile.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteCommand.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetTimeProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringAppend.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsGraph.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PutEnv.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteCloseHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibDeflate.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_QueueEvent.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LogCommandInfo.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringStartSublist.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RestoreResult.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandInfoFromToken.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleUnknownHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_HideCommand.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Access.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjRemove.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetAlias.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelVersion.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetListObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WinTCharToUtf.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Eval.3.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgProvideEx.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/TCL_MEM_DEBUG.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendExportList.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectSetMetadata.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Chdir.3.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelName.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewBignumObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendToObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateEnsemble.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleParameterList.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleNamespace.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjDone.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetPanicProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsPrint.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectName.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetAssocData.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSAccess.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ReapDetachedProcs.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NREvalObjv.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSStat.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSNewNativePath.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleSubcommandList.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsUpper.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ServiceAll.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsWordChar.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DiscardInterpState.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharNcmp.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConvertToType.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalTokens.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateChild.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelFlushProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetUserIdFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InterpActive.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamGetCommandName.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjGetElements.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteHashTable.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewObjectInstance.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewUnicodeObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StandardChannels.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CommandTraceInfo.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjType.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalEx.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetPathType.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ThreadQueueEvent.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetReturnOptions.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextObject.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Concat.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChild.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprLong.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExternalToUtfDString.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetLongFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetSizeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetChannelBufferSize.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UntraceVar.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjPutKeyList.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SubstObj.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetVar2.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextInvokeNext.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegisterConfig.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandName.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TraceVar.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetPathType.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodDeclarerObject.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetVar.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OutputBuffered.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TranslateFileName.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DecrRefCount.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalTokensStandard.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateTimerHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSFileAttrsGet.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsStandardChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetTranslatedStringPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_VarEvalVA.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjResult.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharNcasecmp.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetStdChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToTitle.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Gets.3.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OpenFileChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsEnsemble.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteTrace.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSUnloadFile.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Canceled.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetModificationTimeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjLength.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalObjv.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelOption.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprLongObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetThreadData.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppInit.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetObjResult.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SplitList.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitGetGranularity.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetRange.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Main.3.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingNames.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetNotifier.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelGetHandleProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewObj.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelThread.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringResult.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsDigit.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewBooleanObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpCompile.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChangeTimeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToUniChar.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprString.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateCommand.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelBuffered.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToUpper.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TakeBignumFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateObjCommand.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteChannelHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DuplicateObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindCommand.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateTrace.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Init.3.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitTypeEnabled.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgRequireProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetLinkCountFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UntraceVar2.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBoolean.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StaticPackage.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FreeParse.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindNamespace.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetTopChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ServiceModeHook.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStringResult.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_QueryTimeProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Panic.3.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjSetVar2.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegisterChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MutexLock.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetChannelErrorInterp.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_JoinPath.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewMethod.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SourceRCFile.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitCheck.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewStringObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClassSetConstructor.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodIsType.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NextHashEntry.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConvertCountedElement.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CommandComplete.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_VarEval.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjRemoveKeyList.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectGetMetadata.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpRange.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectDeleted.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSEqualPaths.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Eof.3.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendUnicodeToObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AddErrorInfo.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetUnicode.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewWideIntObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MainExW.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitNotifier.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelType.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Tell.3.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetChannelOption.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelMode.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSEvalFileEx.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PrintDouble.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetLongObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseVarName.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetNameOfExecutable.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelError.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitSetTime.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSLstat.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Flush.3.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetIndexFromObjStruct.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsShared.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelBufferSize.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/RegExp.3.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSCopyDirectory.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RecordAndEvalObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetBignumObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprBoolean.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetParent.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DumpActiveMemory.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgPresentEx.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpMatch.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCwd.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetModeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelSetOptionProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetHashValue.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetCommandInfoFromToken.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBooleanFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandFullName.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OpenTcpServer.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitRemoveHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AllowExceptions.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetMemoryInfo.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringAppendElement.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteHashEntry.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetFileSystemForPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleMappingDict.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitGetTime.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfBackslash.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamEof.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToUtf.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgRequire.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewLongObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitSetGranularity.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewDoubleObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetDoubleObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetDeviceTypeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetString.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Alloc.3.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetWideIntFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleParameterList.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnsetVar2.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjAppendElement.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DetachChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Write.3.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateAliasObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LinkVar.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgProvide.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsChannelShared.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsSafe.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSRegister.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleSubcommandList.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InputBlocked.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteFileHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleUnknownHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WrongNumArgs.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StackChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodIsPublic.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetAssocData.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetNormalizedPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_VarTraceInfo2.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Interp.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStdChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitHashTable.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendObjToErrorInfo.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetRegExpFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindEnsemble.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSRenameFile.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodName.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetMaxBlockTime.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_JoinThread.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibCRC32.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetMaster.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseQuotedString.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UpdateLinkedVar.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateAlias.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetVar.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LoadFile.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UpVar2.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WriteRaw.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetUniChar.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WriteChars.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateEventSource.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GlobalEvalObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringInit.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_BackgroundException.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateNamespace.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharAtIndex.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Sleep.3.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjGetVar2.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetFSDeviceFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteTimerHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitExceeded.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RecordAndEval.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendElement.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_HashStats.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CopyObjectInstance.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateCloseHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Export.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewIntObj.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncMark.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToUniCharDString.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprObj.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_BackgroundError.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSListVolumes.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitMemory.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetClassAsObject.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AttemptRealloc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetOpenFile.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InvalidateStringRep.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToUpper.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniChar.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetAccessTimeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharLen.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendObjToObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSMountsChanged.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringSetLength.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCurrentNamespace.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextMethod.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetDouble.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DoWhenIdle.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncoding.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Seek.3.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjReplace.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfNcasecmp.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteExitHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetSystemEncoding.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Release.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ResetResult.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ScanElement.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PosixError.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ckrealloc.3.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DoOneEvent.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tdbc_Init.3.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringGetResult.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpExecObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetErrno.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitReady.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsChannelRegistered.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SplitPath.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelCloseProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClassSetDestructor.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WaitForEvent.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfAtIndex.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AllocStatBuf.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelWatchProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetRecursionLimit.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetAliasObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelGetOptionProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseExpr.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ReadRaw.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSFileAttrsSet.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRCallObjProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MutexUnlock.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToExternalDString.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfCharComplete.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendStringsToObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetDefaultEncodingDir.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSData.3.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetIntObj.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseCommand.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToUtfDString.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StringMatch.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InterpDeleted.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSChdir.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSPathSeparator.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSCopyFile.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetTimer.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetExitProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelSeekProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Read.3.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WaitPid.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsPunct.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitGetCommands.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToLower.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibAdler32.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FreeResult.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSMatchInDirectory.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ErrnoMsg.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetIndexFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateSlave.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSLoadFile.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OpenCommandChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendFormatToObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FirstHashEntry.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MakeFileChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewByteArrayObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncInvoke.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjIndex.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitObjHashTable.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteNamespace.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewListObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DiscardResult.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ValidateAllMemory.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleMappingDict.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Close.3.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Realloc.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateFileHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetBooleanObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendPrintfToObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibInflate.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/DString.3.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfNext.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamPut.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelOutputProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetStartupScript.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSJoinPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendLimitedToObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetUnicodeObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InputBuffered.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBlocksFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendStringsToObjVA.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSDeleteFile.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitTypeSet.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AddObjErrorInfo.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NumUtfChars.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodDeclarerClass.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncReady.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSOpenFileChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetVar2.3.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitTypeExceeded.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SaveInterpState.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetCwd.3.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStringFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetServiceMode.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharCaseMatch.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetErrorLine.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelHandlerProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingNameFromEnvironment.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MutexFinalize.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelThreadActionProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ScanCountedElement.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitTypeReset.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsAlpha.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetHashValue.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsLower.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseArgsObjv.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NREvalObj.3.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FinalizeNotifier.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringValue.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateHashEntry.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConditionWait.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteThreadExitHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelHandle.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSFileSystemInfo.3.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tclsh.1.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/foreach.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/return.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_path.n.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/env.n.gz            tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/upvar.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_tokenize.n.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/itclwidget.n.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_traceExec.n.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/seek.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/itclvars.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/memory.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/itcloption.n.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/platform_shell.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/body.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/list.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/filename.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/close.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/catch.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/argc.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/itclextendedclass.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tpool.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_library.n.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/platform.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/variable.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_startOfPreviousWord.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_startOfNextWord.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/transchan.n.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/itcldelegate.n.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_object.n.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/registry.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/timerate.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/re_syntax.n.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/mathfunc.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/errorCode.n.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tsv.n.gz            tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/thread.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/scan.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/fblocked.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/fileevent.n.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/error.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/lmap.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/class.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/rename.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tell.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/join.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/pkg_mkIndex.n.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/llength.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/expr.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_mysql.n.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/scope.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/proc.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/info.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/lrange.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/delete.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/argv.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_prefix.n.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/format.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_reset.n.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/pkgMkIndex.n.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_nonwordchars.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttrace.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/itcl.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_odbc.n.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_wordBreakAfter.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/itclcomponent.n.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/yield.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/append.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_endOfWord.n.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/parray.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_resultset.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tm.n.gz             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/code.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/chan.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ensemble.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_patchLevel.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_version.n.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_rcFileName.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/update.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_sqlite3.n.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/while.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/puts.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/socket.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/read.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_findLibrary.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/unknown.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/namespace.n.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/lreplace.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/vwait.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_wordBreakBefore.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/is.n.gz             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_platform.n.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/switch.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/unload.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_pkgPath.n.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/configbody.n.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/apply.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_load.n.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_wordchars.n.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/pkg_create.n.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_mapSqlState.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/flush.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_connection.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/library.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/try.n.gz            tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/coroutine.n.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/local.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/split.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/fcopy.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/array.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/dde.n.gz            tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tailcall.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/pid.n.gz            tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/packagens.n.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/lassign.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/find.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/for.n.gz            tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/uplevel.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/exec.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/continue.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/open.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/mathop.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_interactive.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/refchan.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/binary.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_execok.n.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/set.n.gz            tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/break.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/string.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/file.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/fconfigure.n.gz     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/lrepeat.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/history.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/load.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/regexp.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/linsert.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_qualify.n.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/source.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/after.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/lindex.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_define.n.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/cd.n.gz             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/glob.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/safe.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/argv0.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/regsub.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/eval.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/encoding.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/nextto.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_statement.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_objdefine.n.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_postgres.n.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/lreverse.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/incr.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/lsearch.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/subst.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/case.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/dict.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/interp.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/http.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/if.n.gz             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/concat.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/eof.n.gz            tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/errorInfo.n.gz      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/throw.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/Tcl.n.gz            tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_mkindex.n.gz   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/bgerror.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/package.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_copy.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_import.n.gz    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/global.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/zlib.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/clock.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_class.n.gz       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/my.n.gz             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/unset.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/lset.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/time.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/next.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/gets.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_traceCompile.n.gz tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/yieldto.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/msgcat.n.gz         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/self.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_precision.n.gz  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/lappend.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/trace.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/exit.n.gz           tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/pwd.n.gz            tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/lsort.n.gz          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcltest.n.gz        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tclooConfig.sh                 tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/itcl.tcl             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/itclWidget.tcl       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/itclHullCmds.tcl     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/pkgIndex.tcl         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/itclConfig.sh        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/libitclstub4.2.3.a   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/libitcl4.2.3.so      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tclConfig.sh                   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/tm.tcl                  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/package.tcl             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/http1.0/http.tcl        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/http1.0/pkgIndex.tcl    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/clock.tcl               tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/tclAppInit.c            tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/auto.tcl                tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/gb2312.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macUkraine.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1252.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp866.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp861.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp850.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/big5.enc       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso2022.enc    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp852.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/gb1988.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-1.enc  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-11.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/koi8-r.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp863.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1258.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/ebcdic.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macDingbats.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp874.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp862.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp737.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/gb2312-raw.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp869.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macGreek.enc   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp437.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp864.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macJapan.enc   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macThai.enc    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/tis-620.enc    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/euc-kr.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-7.enc  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/koi8-u.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1256.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso2022-kr.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp949.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp950.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-15.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macRomania.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1257.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/jis0212.enc    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macCentEuro.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/euc-jp.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1250.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-6.enc  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-8.enc  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp857.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/symbol.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-2.enc  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-9.enc  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/ksc5601.enc    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp936.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macRoman.enc   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp855.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-5.enc  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-3.enc  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp932.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp865.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/euc-cn.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-10.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp775.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-4.enc  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp860.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-14.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macIceland.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macCyrillic.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1253.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/jis0201.enc    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-13.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1251.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macCroatian.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/ascii.enc      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cns11643.enc   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/shiftjis.enc   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1255.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-16.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso2022-jp.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/jis0208.enc    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/gb12345.enc    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/dingbats.enc   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1254.enc     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macTurkish.enc tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/opt0.4/optparse.tcl     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/opt0.4/pkgIndex.tcl     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/tclIndex                tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/history.tcl             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/word.tcl                tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/init.tcl                tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/parray.tcl              tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/safe.tcl                tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_ca.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/eo.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh_sg.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/nb.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/pt_br.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_ph.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/af.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_zw.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar_sy.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/te_in.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ca.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar_in.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh_tw.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_in.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/eu_es.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/gl_es.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_mx.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_pe.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_gb.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kl.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/da.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_bo.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_bw.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_sg.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/pl.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ta.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/hi.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ru_ua.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_pa.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/et.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/nn.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/vi.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_ar.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_sv.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ms_my.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_hn.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_ni.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sh.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sk.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fr_ch.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ko_kr.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/gl.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_za.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/nl_be.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/it.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fa_in.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar_jo.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sr.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sl.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/nl.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ga.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/lv.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fr_ca.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/is.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fo.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fr_be.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/bn_in.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/cs.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_ie.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/de.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kw.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_cl.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_gt.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_ve.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/af_za.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sv.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/tr.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/id.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_ec.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/te.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_do.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/it_ch.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kw_gb.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ta_in.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kok_in.msg         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/mr_in.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fr.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/hi_in.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar_lb.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ga_ie.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ms.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/de_be.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/gv_gb.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/pt.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fo_fo.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_py.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_au.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_be.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fa_ir.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_pr.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/bn.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ro.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sw.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_hk.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh_cn.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_cr.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ko.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/uk.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/hu.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_nz.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/mr.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/hr.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/th.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fi.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/el.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/bg.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/be.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/mk.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/id_id.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/de_at.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/mt.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sq.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kok.msg            tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fa.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kl_gl.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/lt.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_uy.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh_hk.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/gv.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/eu.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_co.msg          tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ru.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/he.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ja.msg             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtclstub8.6.a                tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/thread2.8.8/libthread2.8.8.so  tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/thread2.8.8/pkgIndex.tcl       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/thread2.8.8/ttrace.tcl         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtcl8.6.so                   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.6/http-2.9.8.tm         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.6/tdbc/sqlite3-1.1.5.tm tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.5/msgcat-1.6.1.tm       tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.5/tcltest-2.5.5.tm      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.4/platform/shell-1.1.4.tm tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.4/platform-1.0.19.tm    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbcmysql1.1.5/libtdbcmysql1.1.5.so tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbcmysql1.1.5/tdbcmysql.tcl   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbcmysql1.1.5/pkgIndex.tcl    tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.5/libtdbc1.1.5.so      tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.5/tdbcConfig.sh        tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.5/tdbc.tcl             tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.5/pkgIndex.tcl         tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.5/libtdbcstub1.1.5.a   tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tcl.pc               tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbcpostgres1.1.5/tdbcpostgres.tcl tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbcpostgres1.1.5/pkgIndex.tcl tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbcpostgres1.1.5/libtdbcpostgres1.1.5.so tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbcodbc1.1.5/libtdbcodbc1.1.5.so tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbcodbc1.1.5/pkgIndex.tcl     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tdbcodbc1.1.5/tdbcodbc.tcl     tcl
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/termux-am-socket               termux-am-socket
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/termux-am                      termux-am-socket
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/termux-am-socket/LICENSE termux-am-socket
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/termux-exec/LICENSE      termux-exec
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtermux-exec.so              termux-exec
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tkInt.h                    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tkDecls.h                  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tkUnixDefault.h            tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ttkDecls.h                 tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tkPlatDecls.h              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tkIntDecls.h               tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tkIntPlatDecls.h           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/compat/stdlib.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/compat/unistd.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/unix/tkUnixDefault.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/unix/tkUnixInt.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/unix/tkUnixPort.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkScrollbar.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkInt.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkCanvas.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkBusy.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkScale.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/default.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkDList.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkDecls.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ks_names.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkPlatDecls.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkMenu.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkIntDecls.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkIntPlatDecls.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkFont.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkButton.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkArray.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkImgPhoto.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tk.h    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkMenubutton.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tk3d.h  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkColor.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkUndo.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkIntXlibDecls.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkSelect.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkPort.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkText.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkFileFilter.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkThemeInt.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkDecls.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkWidget.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkTheme.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkManager.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkEntry.h tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tkUnixInt.h                tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tk.h                       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/ttkTheme.h                 tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tkUnixPort.h               tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tkIntXlibDecls.h           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/tkPort.h                   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/wish8.6                        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/wish                           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/tk/license.terms         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetColorFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GeometryRequest.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ManageGeometry.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetCapStyle.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetNumMainWindows.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateImageType.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeBitmapFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateBinding.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PathName.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Fill3DRectangle.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ConfigureWidget.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AllocCursorFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InitOptions.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetPaddingFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasTkwin.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Free3DBorderFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeColorFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ReqWidth.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoGetSize.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_StickBox.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreePixmap.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasSetStippleOrigin.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Depth.3.gz       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ConfigureWindow.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateEventHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Display.3.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IsEmbedded.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ChangeWindowAttributes.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DrawFocusHighlight.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_TextWidth.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_WindowId.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Name.3.gz        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetMMFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetInternalBorderEx.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetVisual.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Init.3.gz        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeBitmap.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeCursorFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowColormap.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SizeOfBitmap.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetJustify.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_OwnSelection.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetBitmap.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PointToChar.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateOptionTable.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasTagsOption.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DrawTextLayout.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DefineCursor.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_RestoreSavedOptions.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Attributes.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeSavedOptions.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AllocFontFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MoveResizeWindow.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetUserInactiveTime.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_HWNDToWindow.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternAtom.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoPutBlock.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Main.3.gz        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InitImageArgs.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternalBorderTop.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetImageMasterData.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeFontFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeOptions.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfBitmap.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetColormap.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Uid.3.gz         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetColor.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetGrid.3.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SafeInit.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DistanceToTextLayout.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetAnchorFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasWindowCoords.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfColor.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MakeWindowExist.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetOption.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetStickyFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_MakeBox.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsColor.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetPixelsFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetBackgroundFromBorder.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetAllBindings.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AttachHWND.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameToWindow.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetGC.3.gz       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IsMapped.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Get3DBorderFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnmaintainGeometry.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MainLoop.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetPixels.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetSelection.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoSetSize.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MinReqWidth.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_RelievePadding.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetReliefFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoGetImage.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/FindPhoto.3.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetAnchor.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetImageModelData.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Free3DBorder.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoBlank.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetDefaultTheme.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsFont.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Height.3.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfCursor.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_RestrictEvents.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DrawChars.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_3DHorizontalBevel.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_StrictMotif.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetUid.3.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_AddPadding.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MainWindow.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteBindingTable.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetRootCoords.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FindPhoto.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ResetUserInactiveTime.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBorderPixmap.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateSelHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MaintainGeometry.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateWindowFromPath.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetScrollInfo.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Get3DBorder.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeCursor.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternalBorderLeft.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnderlineTextLayout.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBorderWidth.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetInternalBorder.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AddOption.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Alloc3DBorderFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Y.3.gz           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBackgroundPixmap.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsStipple.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FontId.3.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetCursor.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetItemTypes.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_ExpandBox.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetJustifyFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Class.3.gz       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetHWND.3.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetDash.3.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ClipboardClear.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SizeOfImage.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ScreenNumber.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InitConsoleChannels.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoPutZoomedBlock.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_PadBox.3.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeColormap.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfJoinStyle.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetScrollInfoObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_PackBox.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ComputeTextLayout.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfFont.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOf3DBorder.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetOptionValue.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeGC.3.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetBinding.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MinReqHeight.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateBindingTable.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IsContainer.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnsetGrid.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IsTopLevel.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ImageChanged.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InitStubs.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_TextLayoutToPostscript.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsBitmap.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Colormap.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_3DBorderGC.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetJoinStyle.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetScreenMM.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetOptionInfo.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetAppName.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetOptions.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsY.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetVRootGeometry.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteClientMessageHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteImage.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ParseArgv.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Width.3.gz       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IntersectTextLayout.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ClipboardAppend.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetBorderFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetRelief.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/FontId.3.gz         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Visual.3.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeXId.3.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateErrorHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DisplayName.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_QueueWindowEvent.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Screen.3.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetClassProcs.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DefineBitmap.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IdToWindow.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Fill3DPolygon.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetFontMetrics.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PostscriptFontName.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetCursorFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteSelHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_CreateTheme.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternalBorderRight.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBorder.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Draw3DRectangle.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeTextLayout.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasDrawableCoords.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Parent.3.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_UniformPadding.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_X.3.gz           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MapWindow.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Changes.3.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasTextInfo.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetHINSTANCE.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MoveWindow.3.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsPath.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MoveToplevelWindow.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeColor.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfAnchor.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateClientMessageHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AllocBitmapFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetClass.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternalBorderBottom.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DestroyWindow.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetAtomName.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MeasureChars.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AllocColorFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_BindEvent.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetImage.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteGenericHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CollapseMotionEvents.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfImage.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeImage.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetCursorFromData.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeConfigOptions.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Offset.3.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetColorByValue.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteOptionTable.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_3DBorderColor.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Ungrab.3.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetFontFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfJustify.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ResizeWindow.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_3DVerticalBevel.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteBinding.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnderlineChars.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetPixmap.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetCurrentTheme.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBackground.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetFont.3.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetMinimumRequestSize.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Interp.3.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetBitmapFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ClearSelection.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_PlaceBox.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UndefineCursor.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateGenericHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ConfigureInfo.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CharBbox.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_HandleEvent.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteAllBindings.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/MeasureChar.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateWindow.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteEventHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Grab.3.gz        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeFont.3.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfCapStyle.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowVisual.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreatePhotoImageFormat.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasGetCoord.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CoordsToWindow.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ConfigureValue.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasEventuallyRedraw.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoExpand.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateItemType.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_RedrawImage.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfRelief.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Draw3DPolygon.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetCaretPos.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_RestackWindow.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_MakePadding.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PreserveColormap.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ReqHeight.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_BoxContains.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteErrorHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetTheme.3.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnmapWindow.3.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/wish.1.gz           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/fontchooser.n.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_library.n.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_bisque.n.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/wm.n.gz             tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_combobox.n.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/option.n.gz         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_setPalette.n.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_chooseDirectory.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/image.n.gz          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/cursors.n.gz        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_version.n.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/message.n.gz        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_textCut.n.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_spinbox.n.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_textPaste.n.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/panedwindow.n.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_scrollbar.n.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_focusNext.n.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/send.n.gz           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_messageBox.n.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/console.n.gz        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_focusPrev.n.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_panedwindow.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_focusFollowsMouse.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_vsapi.n.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/spinbox.n.gz        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tkwait.n.gz         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_patchLevel.n.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/radiobutton.n.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_menuSetFocus.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk.n.gz             tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/lower.n.gz          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_menuBar.n.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_notebook.n.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/safe_loadTk.n.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_bindForTraversal.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/bindtags.n.gz       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/menu.n.gz           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_chooseColor.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/button.n.gz         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/entry.n.gz          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/selection.n.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/clipboard.n.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_optionMenu.n.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_widget.n.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_style.n.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/scrollbar.n.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_checkbutton.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/winfo.n.gz          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/place.n.gz          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/pack_old.n.gz       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_frame.n.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/scale.n.gz          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/grid.n.gz           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_menubutton.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_dialog.n.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/text.n.gz           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_button.n.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/listbox.n.gz        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/checkbutton.n.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/menubutton.n.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/busy.n.gz           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_treeview.n.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/event.n.gz          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/grab.n.gz           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/labelframe.n.gz     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/toplevel.n.gz       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/focus.n.gz          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_intro.n.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/bell.n.gz           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/frame.n.gz          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/geometry.n.gz       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_progressbar.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/colors.n.gz         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_scale.n.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/raise.n.gz          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/destroy.n.gz        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/bind.n.gz           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/pack.n.gz           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_getOpenFile.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_textCopy.n.gz    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/label.n.gz          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_radiobutton.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_strictMotif.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_entry.n.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_label.n.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/bitmap.n.gz         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_popup.n.gz       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tkerror.n.gz        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/photo.n.gz          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_getSaveFile.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/keysyms.n.gz        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_sizegrip.n.gz   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_separator.n.gz  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_labelframe.n.gz tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_mac.n.gz         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/options.n.gz        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/canvas.n.gz         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_image.n.gz      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/mann/font.n.gz           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtk8.6.so                    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/spinbox.tcl              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tkAppInit.c              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/clrpick.tcl              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/dialog.tcl               tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/scale.tcl                tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/obsolete.tcl             tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/xmfbox.tcl               tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/comdlg.tcl               tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/console.tcl              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/text.tcl                 tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/button.tcl               tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/choosedir.tcl            tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/megawidget.tcl           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/entry.tcl                tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tkfbox.tcl               tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/unsupported.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/safetk.tcl               tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tk.tcl                   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/optMenu.tcl              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/pkgIndex.tcl             tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/bgerror.tcl              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/mkpsenc.tcl              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/palette.tcl              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/scrlbar.tcl              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tclIndex                 tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tearoff.tcl              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo100.gif   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo175.gif   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logo100.gif       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logo64.gif        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logoMed.gif       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo200.gif   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo150.gif   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo.eps      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/README            tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo75.gif    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logo.eps          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logoLarge.gif     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/tai-ku.gif        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/fontchooser.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/focus.tcl                tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/listbox.tcl              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/tcolor             tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ruler.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/icon.tcl           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/entry2.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/clrpick.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/browse             tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/style.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/twind.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/dialog2.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/image2.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/textpeer.tcl       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/items.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/mclist.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/hscale.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/anilabel.tcl       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/fontchoose.tcl     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkbut.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/knightstour.tcl    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/vscale.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/filebox.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/colors.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/dialog1.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/en.msg             tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/goldberg.tcl       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/text.tcl           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/button.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/image1.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/puzzle.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/menubu.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/bitmap.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/pendulum.tcl       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/toolbar.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/tree.tcl           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/widget             tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/nl.msg             tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/bind.tcl           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/timer              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/entry1.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/cscroll.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/sayings.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/entry3.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttknote.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/floor.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/unicodeout.tcl     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkpane.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/arrow.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/label.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/spin.tcl           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/aniwave.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/README             tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkmenu.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/tclIndex           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/combo.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/form.tcl           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/hello              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/states.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/noletter.xbm tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/earthris.gif tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/tcllogo.gif tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/gray25.xbm  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/letters.xbm tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/ouster.png  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/flagup.xbm  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/teapot.ppm  tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/pattern.xbm tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/earth.gif   tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/earthmenu.png tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/flagdown.xbm tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/plot.tcl           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ctext.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/menu.tcl           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/msgbox.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/search.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/radio.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/rmt                tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/paned2.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ixset              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/license.terms      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/paned1.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/rolodex            tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/check.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/labelframe.tcl     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkscale.tcl       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkprogress.tcl    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/menu.tcl                 tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgbox.tcl               tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/eo.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/en_gb.msg           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/da.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/pl.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/en.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/it.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/nl.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/cs.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/de.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/sv.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/fr.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/pt.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/zh_cn.msg           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/hu.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/fi.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/el.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/es.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/ru.msg              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/icons.tcl                tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/panedwindow.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/iconlist.tcl             tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/spinbox.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/defaults.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/combobox.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/scale.tcl            tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/utils.tcl            tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/treeview.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/vistaTheme.tcl       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/button.tcl           tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/notebook.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/entry.tcl            tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/classicTheme.tcl     tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/cursors.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/menubutton.tcl       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/aquaTheme.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/fonts.tcl            tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/altTheme.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/sizegrip.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/xpTheme.tcl          tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/progress.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/ttk.tcl              tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/panedwindow.tcl      tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/winTheme.tcl         tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/scrollbar.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/clamTheme.tcl        tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtk.so                       tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tk.pc                tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/tkConfig.sh                    tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libtkstub8.6.a                 tk
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tor-print-ed-signing-cert      tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tor-resolve                    tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tor-gencert                    tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/torify                         tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/tor                            tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/tor/tor-print-ed-signing-cert.html tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/tor/tor.html             tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/tor/torify.html          tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/tor/tor-resolve.html     tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/tor/tor-gencert.html     tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/tor/LICENSE              tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tor-print-ed-signing-cert.1.gz tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/torify.1.gz         tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tor-gencert.1.gz    tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tor-resolve.1.gz    tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/tor.1.gz            tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/tor/geoip                    tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/tor/geoip6                   tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/tor/torrc                      tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/var/service/tor/log/run            tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/var/service/tor/run                tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/var/service/tor/down               tor
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libunbound.la                  unbound-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libunbound.a                   unbound-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unbound.h                  unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/unbound-event.h            unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unbound-control                unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unbound-checkconf              unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unbound                        unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unbound-control-setup          unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unbound-host                   unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unbound-anchor                 unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/unbound/LICENSE          unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_resolve_free.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_data_remove.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_create.3.gz  unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_debuglevel.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_wait.3.gz        unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_fd.3.gz          unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_result.3.gz      unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_zone_remove.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_strerror.3.gz    unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_zone_add.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_poll.3.gz        unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_resolve_async.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_set_option.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_get_option.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_set_fwd.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_async.3.gz   unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_resolvconf.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_trustedkeys.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_process.3.gz     unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_config.3.gz  unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_data_add.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_add_ta_file.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_delete.3.gz  unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_resolve.3.gz     unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_hosts.3.gz   unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_print_local_zones.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_add_ta.3.gz  unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx.3.gz         unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/libunbound.3.gz     unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_cancel.3.gz      unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_debugout.3.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound-checkconf.8.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound-control.8.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound-anchor.8.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound-control-setup.8.gz unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound.8.gz        unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/unbound.conf.5.gz   unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/unbound-host.1.gz   unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libunbound.so                  unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libunbound.pc        unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/unbound/unbound.conf           unbound
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zipinfo                        unzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unzip                          unzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/funzip                         unzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unzipsfx                       unzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zipgrep                        unzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/unzip/LICENSE            unzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/unzipsfx.1.gz       unzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/funzip.1.gz         unzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/zipinfo.1.gz        unzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/unzip.1.gz          unzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/zipgrep.1.gz        unzip
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmount.la                    util-linux-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libsmartcols.la                util-linux-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libuuid.la                     util-linux-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libsmartcols.a                 util-linux-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libfdisk.a                     util-linux-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libblkid.a                     util-linux-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libmount.a                     util-linux-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libuuid.a                      util-linux-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libfdisk.la                    util-linux-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libblkid.la                    util-linux-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ldattach                       util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/taskset                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/readprofile                    util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/nsenter                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lscpu                          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/wdctl                          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/setpriv                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fincore                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/rtcwake                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/chrt                           util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/flock                          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/col                            util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/losetup                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/rename                         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lsipc                          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/dmesg                          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/chcpu                          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/setsid                         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fallocate                      util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/uclampset                      util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/hardlink                       util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mkfs                           util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/cal                            util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/more                           util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/namei                          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/scriptreplay                   util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/blockdev                       util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fsfreeze                       util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fsck.cramfs                    util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/setterm                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/hexdump                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unshare                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ionice                         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/scriptlive                     util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ctrlaltdel                     util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/rev                            util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/getopt                         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/addpart                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/prlimit                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/hwclock                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/choom                          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zramctl                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/ul                             util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/setarch                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/linux64                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/look                           util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/linux32                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/colcrt                         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/column                         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lsfd                           util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/renice                         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/script                         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mcookie                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/uname26                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mkfs.cramfs                    util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/whereis                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/colrm                          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/resizepart                     util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/isosize                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mkfs.bfs                       util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/irqtop                         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lsirq                          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/delpart                        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/fsck.minix                     util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/mkfs.minix                     util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/getopt-example.tcsh util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.BSD-4-Clause-UC util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.LGPL-2.1-or-later util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/getopt-example.bash util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.ISC   util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.BSD-3-Clause util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.GPL-3.0-or-later util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.GPL-2.0-or-later util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ldattach util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/taskset util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/readprofile util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/nsenter util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lscpu util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wdctl util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setpriv util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fincore util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rtcwake util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chrt util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/flock util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/col util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/losetup util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rename util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lsipc util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dmesg util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chcpu util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setsid util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fallocate util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/uclampset util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hardlink util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkfs util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cal util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/more util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/namei util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/scriptreplay util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/blockdev util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fsfreeze util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fsck.cramfs util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setterm util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hexdump util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/unshare util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ionice util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/scriptlive util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ctrlaltdel util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rev util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/getopt util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/addpart util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/prlimit util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hwclock util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/zramctl util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ul util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setarch util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/look util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/colcrt util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/column util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/renice util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/script util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mcookie util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkfs.cramfs util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/whereis util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/colrm util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/resizepart util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/isosize util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkfs.bfs util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/irqtop util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lsirq util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/delpart util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fsck.minix util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkfs.minix util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/fsck.minix.8.gz     util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/hwclock.8.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkfs.cramfs.8.gz    util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/lsns.8.gz           util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/linux64.8.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkfs.minix.8.gz     util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/ctrlaltdel.8.gz     util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/delpart.8.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkfs.bfs.8.gz       util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkfs.8.gz           util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/addpart.8.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/fsfreeze.8.gz       util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/setarch.8.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/blockdev.8.gz       util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/wdctl.8.gz          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/losetup.8.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/rtcwake.8.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/zramctl.8.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/fsck.cramfs.8.gz    util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/readprofile.8.gz    util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/uname26.8.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/ldattach.8.gz       util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/linux32.8.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/resizepart.8.gz     util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/chcpu.8.gz          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/isosize.8.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/fstab.5.gz          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/terminal-colors.d.5.gz util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man5/adjtime_config.5.gz util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/colcrt.1.gz         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/uclampset.1.gz      util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/scriptreplay.1.gz   util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/unshare.1.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/rev.1.gz            util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/hardlink.1.gz       util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/mcookie.1.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/irqtop.1.gz         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lsirq.1.gz          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/rename.1.gz         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/dmesg.1.gz          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/fincore.1.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ionice.1.gz         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lsipc.1.gz          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/flock.1.gz          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/col.1.gz            util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/prlimit.1.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/setsid.1.gz         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/whereis.1.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/setterm.1.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/ul.1.gz             util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/fallocate.1.gz      util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/nsenter.1.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/renice.1.gz         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/setpriv.1.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lscpu.1.gz          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lsfd.1.gz           util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/getopt.1.gz         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/script.1.gz         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/look.1.gz           util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/hexdump.1.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/cal.1.gz            util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/more.1.gz           util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/taskset.1.gz        util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/scriptlive.1.gz     util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/chrt.1.gz           util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/column.1.gz         util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/choom.1.gz          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/colrm.1.gz          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/namei.1.gz          util-linux
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/uuidparse                      uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/uuidd                          uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/uuidgen                        uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/uuidparse uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/uuidd uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/uuidgen uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_generate_random.3.gz uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_unparse.3.gz   uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_copy.3.gz      uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_is_null.3.gz   uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_generate_time.3.gz uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid.3.gz           uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_generate_time_safe.3.gz uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_time.3.gz      uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_generate.3.gz  uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_compare.3.gz   uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_parse.3.gz     uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_clear.3.gz     uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man8/uuidd.8.gz          uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/uuidgen.1.gz        uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/uuidparse.1.gz      uuid-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xsltproc                       xsltproc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xsltproc.1.gz       xsltproc
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxxhash.a                    xxhash-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xxh3.h                     xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/xxhash.h                   xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xxh32sum                       xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xxhsum                         xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xxh128sum                      xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xxh64sum                       xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xxhash/LICENSE           xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/xxhash/LICENSE.1         xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xxhsum.1.gz         xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xxh128sum.1.gz      xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xxh64sum.1.gz       xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xxh32sum.1.gz       xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxxhash.so                   xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libxxhash.pc         xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxxhash.so.0                 xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libxxhash.so.0.8.1             xxhash
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xz                             xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xzdec                          xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lzma                           xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lzless                         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lzcat                          xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lzmadec                        xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lzmainfo                       xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xzcat                          xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lzmore                         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xzcmp                          xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unlzma                         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lzfgrep                        xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xzmore                         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unxz                           xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lzgrep                         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lzcmp                          xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lzegrep                        xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xzegrep                        xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xzless                         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xzdiff                         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xzfgrep                        xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/xzgrep                         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/lzdiff                         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzcat.1.gz          xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/unxz.1.gz           xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzdiff.1.gz         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzgrep.1.gz         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzmadec.1.gz        xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzdec.1.gz          xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzma.1.gz           xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzless.1.gz         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzfgrep.1.gz        xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzcmp.1.gz          xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzcmp.1.gz          xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/unlzma.1.gz         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzmore.1.gz         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzmore.1.gz         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzgrep.1.gz         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzegrep.1.gz        xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzmainfo.1.gz       xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzcat.1.gz          xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzless.1.gz         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xz.1.gz             xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzegrep.1.gz        xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzfgrep.1.gz        xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzdiff.1.gz         xz-utils
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libz.a                         zlib-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/zlib.h                     zlib
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/zconf.h                    zlib
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/zlib/LICENSE             zlib
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man3/zlib.3.gz           zlib
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libz.so.1.2.13                 zlib
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libz.so.1                      zlib
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/zlib.pc              zlib
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libz.so                        zlib
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libzstd.a                      zstd-static
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/zstd.h                     zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/zstd_errors.h              zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/include/zdict.h                    zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zstdless                       zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zstdmt                         zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zstdgrep                       zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zstdcat                        zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/zstd                           zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/bin/unzstd                         zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/zstd/LICENSE             zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/unzstd.1.gz         zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/zstdgrep.1.gz       zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/zstdless.1.gz       zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/zstd.1.gz           zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/man/man1/zstdcat.1.gz        zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libzstd.so                     zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libzstd.so.1.5.4               zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/libzstd.so.1                   zstd
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libzstd.pc           zstd
