data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/opt/openjdk-17/lib/security/jssecacerts ca-certificates-java
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/ca-certificates/LICENSE  ca-certificates
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/tls/cert.pem                   ca-certificates
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/pacman/keyrings/termux-pacman-trusted termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/pacman/keyrings/grimler.gpg  termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/pacman/keyrings/agnostic-apollo.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/pacman/keyrings/programming-hero.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/pacman/keyrings/landfillbaby.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/pacman/keyrings/termux-pacman.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/pacman/keyrings/mradityaalok.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/pacman/keyrings/termux-autobuilds.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/pacman/keyrings/kcubeterm.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/pacman/keyrings/2096779623.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/termux-keyring/grimler.gpg   termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/termux-keyring/agnostic-apollo.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/termux-keyring/programming-hero.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/termux-keyring/landfillbaby.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/termux-keyring/termux-pacman.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/termux-keyring/mradityaalok.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/termux-keyring/termux-autobuilds.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/termux-keyring/kcubeterm.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/termux-keyring/2096779623.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/share/doc/termux-keyring/LICENSE   termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/grimler.gpg  termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/agnostic-apollo.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/programming-hero.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/landfillbaby.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/mradityaalok.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/termux-autobuilds.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/kcubeterm.gpg termux-keyring
data/data/learn.programming.courses/files/usr/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/2096779623.gpg termux-keyring
